Moana you've come so far
Any merry little thought
There was Mermaid Minnie
Have you ever seen the grass
Nothing can stop you,
Ain't no passing craze It means no worries
Moana, that voice inside is
What do they got? A lot of sand
Just one hand can heal another
But on the whole I've been a saint
But she will be mine
Free to run around all day
From zero to hero in no time flat
There may be something there that wasn't there before If there's a prize for rotten judgment
An' oh that blowfish blow Yeah, under the sea (Under the sea)
You can fly I've been standing at the edge of the water
I wonder why I didn't see it there before Beast:
Make your wildest dreams come true I got voodoo, I got voodoo
Take you wonder by wonder
ten years we've been rusting
And I've bought some corn for popping
(Manatu atu)
True gentlemen avoid it when they can
I'm hardly breathing
And it moves us all
The missing part of me In this world so full of fear
It all depends on you" So I work real hard each and everyday
That's why a bear can rest at ease
Mary makes the sun shine bright!
And the sweeping and the dusting
You want thingamabobs?
Now I see, that if I were truly to be myself,
Well here's a thought, perhaps there's something there that wasn't there before Chip:
Ever as before
It's blinding
te fiafia te malie
But after time has worn
I wonder if she's feeling well
'Cause every path leads you back to
Things, the way they were
come on let's go
Mea maxima culpa
The key to all heaven is mine
Under the sea [Gramma Tala:]
Hey, it's your day to say you're welcome (You're welcome)
Don't stop now
Over 'ouses and trees
In somebody else's lake
The boss is on a roll
I want the world to know
Just doing what I do
The village believes in us
There's nothing to it, really
No matter what they say
I could explain every natural phenomenon
Because they take a little nip from every flower that they sip
"Mr. Aladdin, sir, what will your pleasure be?
So I can be like you You
We got the spirit
Take it from me
Has a role on this island
Now I really wish that I knew how to swim Be a man
We'll tie a sash around it
At least out loud I won't say I'm in love Tale as old as time
It's like you've gone away We used to be best buddies
That's the only way to go
And as the years go by
Too bad, he gonna miss the girl Now's your moment
A rock! This vampire bat
It's a small world after all (Everybody now) it's a small world after all, it's a small world after all
Person of the week in every Greek opinion poll
Every hour we spent together
On this lovely bella notte Side by side with your loved one
God, have mercy on her
How at last I'd find in you
Where you are Don't you disrespect me little man
Her looks have got no parallel
Don't mess with Maui when he's on the breakaway And the tapestry here on my skin
Can your friends do this?
We are descended from voyagers
Who d'you think you're kidding
Please let me through
I'm all aglow, mmmmmm
I'd cut my strings for you Down where the Volga flows
While we devotin'
Who you thinking of?
It calls me
I've got strings
But then she's never looked at me that way before Belle:
It's our destiny
And do I help them?
Can you do that? My dear, sweet child, that's what I do
But fish in the bowl is lucky
And I'm almost there I'm almost there I'm almost there I know you
There's no need to pray, it's okay, you're welcome
You can dance on the breeze
Lives within my heart When she loved me, hey All those days watching from the windows
I killed an eel, I buried its guts
Ev'rywhere
But how? Never mind, get out, you idiot
And then make the sucker disappear? So don't just sit there slack-jawed, buggy-eyed,
You swoon, you sigh, why deny it, oh, oh
Be a part, reach a heart
Well, bless my soul Cogsworth:
Well looky here!
For the islands I pulled from the sea
about a beanstalk and an ogre and a
Hakuna Matata!
You poor unfortunate soul
You ain't never had a friend like me The seaweed is always greener
So dry your eyes And I'm so grateful to you
Beauty and the Beast Think of a wonderful thought
In the rough, Bert
A whale of a tale and it's all true,
I'm gonna be the mane event
Villagers:
And after all dear, what is idle babble for?
I am Moana! The only way to get what you want is to become a human yourself
Take a gulp and take a breath
we've got a lot to do, is it one lump or two
Where I cannot go
They can't order me to stop dreaming
You've got the pay the toll
But you gotta make it happen
Lost forever
We're not that different at all And you'll be in my heart
Born with a hammer, born with a hammer,
Where you are Gramma Tala:
No chance, no way, I won't say it, no, no
Just watching the hours
All around the world were marching. Who's the leader of the club,
Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay
Some cheese
Who I am inside? When you wish upon a star
And never dreams that something might be coming? Just around the river bend
If you want to cross the bridge, my sweet
Who you are Villagers:
I have journeyed farther
And her nose stuck in a book
Like no king was before I'm brushing up on looking down
For the first time ever, we're seein' it eye to eye If a wall should come between us
The medicine go down, the medicine go down
They want a docile lamb,
When she'd say
Just how blind I've been
And your sister and your brother
And now we're not
toe fai toe fai ke manino
Put them together and what have you got
Wonderful feeling, wonderful day! Bless my soul
The carp play the harp
(On every vahse) From appearance fees and royalties
But no one knows how deep it goes
I'm tired of monkeyin' around Oh, oobee doo
come on and lift your glass, you've won your own free pass
Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho We're rascals, scoundrels, villans, and knaves
Oh!
It helps to think we might be wishing on the same bright star,
You're face to face with greatness and it's strange
That's all you have to do
Only for you One heart
You're welcome! And thank you! Who's the leader of the club,
(Through my most grievous fault)
Come winds of the Caspian Sea
Barely even friends
It's too cliché, I won't say I'm in love
Seein' it
And get some answers
Ain't that sad?
To make a change Send it on, on and on
There's a Never Land waiting for you
Part of that world
Look at that mean mini Maui just tickety-tappin'
She loves the sea and her people
I know we're different, but deep inside us
Don't try to hide it how
And never released
wines been poured and thank the Lord
clean it up! we want the company impressed
You come from two long lines of royalty
Hau la ke ta o
You know I've had my share
I got twenty
Wash the dishes, do the mopping
Lay the secret on me of man's red fire But I don't know how to make fire Now don't try to kid me, mancub
Too high to climb, too hard to break through
You'll be in my heart
It's music to me (It's music to me)
Now that I see you Now that I see you Wonderful, marvelous,
And when that voice starts to whisper
Don't let her fire sear my flesh and bone
Nor hide what you've done from the eyes
They'll see in time, I know
Shine a light, and send it on
The circle of life It's the circle of life
How I pray, that a time will come,
That's nice. Marie, the baguettes hurry up Look there she goes that girl is strange, no question
A hundred thousand things to see
How 'bout a little more baklava? Have some of column A try All of column B,
With oohs and ahhs
But if you'll really hold me tight
The bookshop. I just finished the most wonderful story
If your heart is in your dream
come let's dance
I think it's time that you and I Arranged a heart to heart
Stand tall, just like John. No matter who you are,
Through an endless diamond sky A whole new world
Quando Judex est venturus See there the innocent blood you have spilt
Let's play some love with a little twist
A call to all; pay heed the squall,
All at once everything is different
Now and forever more You'll be in my heart
And it's like the sky is new
The water is mischievous
It's she who holds her tongue who gets a man Come on you poor unfortunate soul
If I become human, I'll never be with my father or sisters again
You're working too hard And don't spend your time lookin' around
It'll do magic, believe it or not
M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E! Yay Mickey!
To set the world in motion by reaching out for each other's hand Maybe we'll discover
There you are You are your father's daughter
When the road looks rough ahead
Give up, give in, check the grin, you're in love
Hakuna Matata From the day we arrive on the planet
To change circumstances
The way you did once upon a dream La da la da la ahahahahah
Ain't got time for messing around
She ought to be locked up
When you find out you can live without it
On this lovely bella notte This is the night, it's a beautiful night
He could clear the Savannah after every meal
Beyond the shore somewhere past the sea
Old Mother Nature's recipes
Yet prove one day to be
Herc was on a roll
The chain reaction will help things start
And stroll right into town
Where you are
"Fairy tales can come true
Is all my dreaming at an end?
eye to eye! Now I'm the king of the swingers oh
Only for you Let's get down to business, to defeat the Huns
Send your armies but they'll never be enough
Down in the muck here
Thrilling me through One song
My head is screaming "get a grip, girl"
You'd never think of pressing
Here in town there's only she
(We cook up the meat inside) Chief Tui:
Your dreams come true Belle:
Yes I do Now it's happened once or twice
I would have no inkling of
Everything is "satisfactch'll" Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay
Can it be
Let's go fly a kite
What are we gonna do? (what are we gonna do?) Do you wanna build a snowman?
Rising in the east
I know you
Very nice!
Stephanie's smashing, Priscilla a treat
What a wonderful phrase
Oh he's so cute
The quiet voice still inside you
I'll sweep the stardust for you La la lu, La la lu
you are the only one that I wish for
Believe me you'll be in my heart
What I desire is man's red fire
Someone's thinking of me,
Oh and here they come, come, come to the brightest thing that glitters
You don't swing it like you used to, man
Are the people who look and think like you
te malohi
Like someone like you
It's like the tide; always falling and rising
I am the daughter of the village chief
Legs are required for jumping, dancing
There are no strings on me You have no strings
And if the voice starts to whisper
They smell
The water's always changing, always flowing But people, I guess, can't live like that
fakalogo ki te pate aue
Up where they run
And when we look to the future
You can fly When there's a smile in your heart
But sir
When she loved me Through the summer and the fall
'Til you give it away Send it on, on and on
We can help our Cinderelly
Zero to hero, just like that! When he smiled the girls went wild
C'mon, clue me what to do
In fricassee
That's why it's hotter
John Henry was a mighty man.
This scene won't play, I won't say I'm in love
Hercules, Hercules
We need each other, to have, to hold
When the heat of the rolling world can be turned away
Constant and true One love
Where you are Chief Tui:
eye to
hey my head's getting dizzy
A ten pound hammer,
When the one you love is near For this is the night, and the heavens are right
Undefeated
to be our guest, if you're stressed
Must there be a secret me,
magic spells, a prince in disguise
As off through the waves they roll
To the big bells as loud as the thunder
pie and pudding en flambé
Yeah, sing it, kid!
Kid, honestly I could go on and on
But I come back to the water
Is meant for one who become two If we take the chances
No one saying stop that
Wandering free
Your lifestyle's high but your funds are low
From your nice warm bed
Under the sea (Under the sea) Since life is sweet here
I feel like I could fly
Tune as old as song
I'm a sensitive soul, though I seem thick-skinned
and others sail on the sea.
(That I have sinned) Then tell me, Maria, why I see her dancing there?
Who I am inside?
How can there be so much that you don't know
Let's go fly a kite and send it soaring
The island gives us what we need
Their task is not a grind Ah, ah, ah! Ma chere Mademoiselle, it is with deepest pride
Long as I can remember
And they gazed up in fear and alarm
This poor unfortunate soul Beluga sevruga
It's just you and me
She smiled at me and held me Just like she used to do
You ain't never had a friend, never had a friend,
So here I'll stay
No chance, no way, I won't say it, no no
When I was a young wart-hoooog!
But that is a big mistake
John Henry was.
Cinderelly, Cinderelly (Cinderella!) Cinderelly, Cinderelly
(To the blessed Archangel Michael)
Nada o detém
(We have mouths to feed inside) Chief Tui:
I'm working on my ROAR
That's all you need We share everything we make
Back at me?
Boys, our friendship will never die
The world was such
Well, it's my favorite! Far off places, daring sword fights
Oh, and there is one more thing
it's been years since we've had anybody here
Don't let this siren cast her spell
Think of Christmas, think of snow
And oh, the shame
I'm afraid she's rather odd
But if I know you
Come on everybody let's bounce to this
eye to eye
So I'm making plans to woo and marry Belle Look there he goes
What's that word again? Street Up where they walk
Neither one prepared
The bass play the brass
It's a small world after all, it's a small, small, small, small world
Tamilomilo fakatamilomilo
To be safe, we lose our chance of ever knowing What's around the river bend
The jungle VIP
Your wish will soon come true I'm wishing for the one I love
And that's what botherin' me
So this is love Oh, this is the night, it's a beautiful night
The journey may leave a scar
You may hear a voice inside
Every trail I track
Mysterious as the dark side of the moon Be a man
A little bit smarter than I am
Judge Claude Frollo longed
With all the force of a great typhoon
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo Yes, salagadoola means
Mmmmmm
It's what I live for
I know.
Up to the highest height!
It will be alright
You wish you were nice and shiny What I love most about rivers is
Yes, you'll be in my heart
He has a merry tune to toot
But I know exactly where I'm going
And it hurt that my friends never stood downwind
No it can't be, I'll just ignore
You wanna kiss the girl
your dinner! Be our guest! Be our guest!
Nothing ever worries me I've got no strings
Dazed and distracted, can't you tell
Down where it's wetter
And you're miles and miles
Up through the atmosphere
Where are you off to
Right here on the ocean floor
Was ever meant for heaven's light But suddenly an angel has smiled at me
What lovely grapes
You'll have your looks, your pretty face
I will sparkle like a wealthy woman's neck
Every road leads back to the place I know
And bid your cares goodbye You can fly
Once Upon a dream
No one to tell us no or where to go
So this is what makes life divine
You can fly
To purge the world
Of one love
It's a jolly 'oliday with Mary
You're unsuited for the rage of war
Oh, that was Maui just messin' around
Like the one before
It is the truth, it's "actch'll", hm? Where is that bluebird? Everything is "satisfactch'll"
They get the urge 'n' start to play
(You're welcome)
Seein' it eye to
This bread
You go get some trimmin'
while the cups do their soft-shoein'
Love to explore that shore above?
Come roll in all the riches all around you
Because I'm beautiful baby Did your granny say listen to your heart?
Heh, heh, heh ,heh, heh, heh, hey! Well anyway, let me say you're welcome (You're welcome)
kuku mai to lima
That makes her the best. And don't I deserve the best
In the circle
Verbo et opere
The tide? The grass? The ground?
Transformation central Transformafication central, can you feel it?
Floating in a blue lagoon
I'm not meant to play this part?
Every dream that you dream will come true When there's a smile in your heart
There's so much that we share, that it's time we're aware
Be a man
If I never felt this love
Never tired of ever buzzing to and fro
Fold up your wings close your eyes La la lu, La la lu
most days we just lay around the castle
And be just like the other men
You've gotta kiss the girl
(Lord, have mercy)
When you pick a pear
our command is your request
Sitting there across the way
For something you want that can't be found
I was there to comfort her
Do you remember
Well, it's nice to see that humans never change
Hon we saw you hit the ceiling
At a figure whose clutches
as, those good old days when we were useful...
Girl don't be proud, it's okay you're in love
Yeah, something to give
I know what you do
We'll find a love anew
Standing here it's all so clear
And we are all connected to each other
In time you'll learn just as I did
Tell me, princess, now when did
Ha Ha! Not since yesterday
for a servant who's not serving
I can't I'm too shiny
There's no better time to start
But cream of the crop, tip of the top
My oh my
Boy, you better do it soon
It's not my fault
Why is my reflection someone
Waiting just around the river bend I look once more just around the river bend
I'm sailing away, away, you're welcome (You're welcome)
With just the bare necessities of life Now when you pick a pawpaw
When you're fast asleep
But I'd rather go with you, hey There are no strings on me Come stop your crying
A wholesome place until
You've been pushed 'round by your mother
Bells of Notre Dame I can show you the world
Yet I know it's true That visions are seldom what they seem
They call me
I'll be there
Thunder and lightning was everywhere,
(Sung) That's just gonna have to wait a while
I'll be satisfied if I play along
The past, the present and the future as well
Ain't it a shame?
Can your friends pull this
That they don't reprimand their daughters
Full time to floatin'
Now she's here shining in the starlight
It's a small world after all, it's a small world after all
So what you wish, I really wanna know?
You've got a friend in me Some other folks might be
They know where it's at
Your arms is free
Beato Michaeli archangelo
ma te luelue Translation: Do you remember
Full of rage and lies
It's enough to make kings and vagabonds believe the very best Ou mata e matagi
One day when the boss get hungry
And I'm afraid I had to rake 'em 'cross the coals
No matter how hard I try Every turn I take
So, why don't you just ruminate,
I'm a very busy woman and I haven't got all day
Strut my stuff, my stuff is so shiny
and keep on swaying Chief Tui:
Open your eyes, let's begin
Who I am, though I've tried.
Now I'm here suddenly I see
Dies irae, dies illa
You can blame my friends on the other side You got what you wanted
Mmm fish dinners
No wonder that it's Mary that we love! Oh, it's a jolly holiday with you, Bert
I swear it must be Heaven's light Confiteor deo omnipotenti
(Everybody now) it's a small world after all, it's a small, small, small, small world There is just one moon and one golden sun
Swing that hammer, bust that rock,
And you haven't got a clue
Every turn a surprise
Well all you've gotta do is rub like so, and oh ­- Mr. Aladdin, sir, have a wish or two or three.
stole the queen from her bed,
Now and forever more
And we'll make a lovely dress for Cinderelly, whoo! We'll make a lovely dress for Cinderelly! Morning in Paris, the city awakes
chair as the dining room proudly presents
People gonna come here from everywhere
It's a quiet village
You're welcome!
From zero to hero
You've got troubles, well I've got 'em too
Part of that world What would I give
Para a bela e a fera Para a bela e a fera Tale as old as time
The cards, the cards, just take three
To hold me down
If you cut it down, then you'll never know
You come to realize
Can your friends do that?
What has two thumbs and pulled up the sky
And Prudence and Gwendolyn
La la lu, La la lu, La la lu Hakuna Matata!
All our lives we've been so poor,
The dream that you wish will come true Oh, that clock!
Oh, I just can't wait to be king!
Get off my case, I won't say it
(Make way!)
Come on let's go and play
You've got a friend in me
You tried to be tough but your armor's just not hard enough
It might take a lifetime but somehow I'll see it through And I won't look back, I can go the distance
Night and day it's Cinderelly
Who is the monster and who is the man Sing the bells, bells, bells, bells
no girl, for that matter.
They've got strings
Come on, they're not all that impressed with conversation
You want to kiss the girl
I wanna be like you
If I never knew this love
All at once everything looks different
(He was ashamed!)
Sprouted a tree, now you've got coconuts
Though you're just a diamond
All you'll own is Earth until
We got the beat here
I'll get the knife
And join the jamberre!
With a dreamy far-off look
To fill your sails and shake your trees So what can I say except you're welcome
Is bibbidi-bobbidi-boo I got myself a notion
And a thousand years would be worth the wait
But once you know what you like, well
All those years outside looking in
And he saw corruption
I'd have lived my whole life through Empty as the sky Never knowing why
But I don't care Trials and tribulations
Phoebe's delightful, Maude is disarming
And can you feel the love tonight? How it's laid to rest
You will die, die, die now it's time for me to take apart your achin' heart Far from the ones who abandoned you
And she won't say a word
Cruella, Cruella De Vil Look for the bare necessities
I will search the world, I will face its harms
Drink up me 'earties, yo ho Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me
If you like it all that much, it's yours
Just around the river bend for me, coming for me I feel it there beyond those trees
How is your wife I need six eggs
No matter where you're from,
Met her down in Madagascar
But still my heart is singing
Time to start another day
I stayed the same
But I won't loose hope, 'till I go the distance
And perhaps someday
hear its sepulchral tone.
And hence (And hence)
What mama? Mrs Potts:
You're doin' real good) Now here's your part of the deal, 'cause
Hear what I have to say
Look like the boy too shy
Of my virtue I am justly proud
There may be something there that wasn't there before Cogsworth:
Thought of changin' my name
You last let your heart decide? I can open your eyes
There's time to spare
Hey yeah
It's a small world, it's a small world It's a world of laughter, a world of tears
Look at her, you know you do
I would never have a clue
Crying, "Spells, Ursula, please!"
That's too expensive There must be more than this provincial life Ah, Belle
The battle is already won,
Cruella is the devil
But you can bet before we're through
But you'll have your man
It's a world of hope and a world of fears
(We make our nets from the fibers)
They weren't kidding when they called me, well, a witch
Anything your heart desires
Thus far, a rather uninspiring thing
(We make)
That one? But you've read it twice
Or a prickly pear
(Lord, have mercy) God, have mercy on me
Over, sideways and under
So maybe I can roll with mine I can lead with pride
But they dote and swoon and fawn
He's a hero
The things you have learned will guide you
I won't ever let you drown
One way or another, together's where we both belong If we listen to each other's heart
Moana:
Lives within my heart And when she was sad
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow As long as you love me so
And they soundin' sharp
And when she was happy so was I
Lips like Fish hooks
So sad, so true
When you wish upon a star
This one longing to be thinner
And when we touched she didn't shudder at my paw
Go on and kiss the girl Sing with me now
We're beggars and blighters, ne'er-do-well cads
To stretch your days and bring you fun
and it's all in perfect taste that you can bet
Shining, shimmering, splendid
One love
I can see the truth so clear
This bond between us
And kissed my cheek without a trace of fright I dare to dream that she might even care for me
And take a glance at the fancy ants
'Cause her head's up on some cloud
(Through my fault) It is the gypsy girl
John Henry came right on time.
You ain't never had a friend like me.
Aa-aa-aah, a-aa-aah
From all around you
I know you That gleam in your eyes
Think before you count us out
Stubbornness and pride
No request is too extreme
They just don't trust what they can't explain
'Cause Maui can do anything but float! (You're welcome)
(Taku pelepele)
Look at this trove, treasures untold
Não vê que alguém
Though the mountains be wide and the oceans are wide
And I fortunately know a little magic
Were iron as much as the bells The bells of Notre Dame (Kyrie Eleison)
But freedom takes green It's the green, it's the green, it's the green you need
Up where they stay all day in the sun
You're welcome! (You're welcome)
'Cause I'm gonna need that boat
and we provide the rest
I'm a royal myself on my mother's side
Won't you shake a poor sinner's hand? Yes, are you ready?
Then there was Harpoon Hannah
All the way home I'll be warm The fire is slowly dying
Monsieur Gaston
Keeps great and small on the endless round It's the circle of life
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo
You little semi, demi, mini god
Yet I have to give you credit from my start
With just the bare necessities of life I see what's happening yeah
On nights like this with the moon above
suddenly those good old days are gone
(I confess to God almighty)
Be still my heart
Want to see 'em dancing
Para assustar e até perturbar
We must be swift as the coursing river
I know the way
Oh, 'appiness is bloomin' all around 'er
Bittersweet and strange
The seas be ours, and by the powers;
The same old bread and rolls to sell
Well, I've never seen a king of beasts
Yet I know it's true
We had each other that was all
To the little bells soft as a psalm
You'll never be quite as shiny
It's my favorite part because you'll see
Both a little scared
A jolly, jolly holiday with you! It's true that Mavis and Sybil 'ave
Out of the sea
It's true, LeFou. And I've got my sights set on that one
Though quite intent in his pursuit
But he was mean and he was coarse and unrefined
Staring straight
Some day we'll meet again
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow It doesn't show signs of stopping
Got no time to dilly-dally
why, we only live to serve
When you're staring at a demigod What can I say except you're welcome
A steel drivin' natural man. Well, a-come on, John,
Hakuna Matata! Why, when he was a young warthog
Ki tamafine
I will carry you here in my heart you'll remind me
The sweet fulfillment of
With the keys to the cage
John Henry, John Henry,
I've mended all my ways
John Henry is a powerful man. Steel drivin' man,
I'm almost there
Talk like you, too
A lark! A spree! It's very clear to see that A spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down
Always Why can't they understand the way we feel
Song as old as rhyme
And you prick a raw paw
To spend a day
Beatae Mariae semper virgini
Who you are and how you're feeling
Someday when my dreams come true La la lu, La la lu
Who is beautiful as me
When will my reflection show, who I am inside?
He found his aroma lacked a certain appeal
On a magic carpet ride A whole new world
And held her tenderly
I guess it must be so
True as it can be
Come taste the sun sweet berries of the Earth
Will I cross that line The line where the sky meets the sea
Ever just as sure
Yes, indeed
Lookin' around here you'd think
Convivial company, time and again
Pictures on the walls It gets a little lonely
Where I long to be See the line where the sky meets the sea
You can paint with all the colors of the wind It's a small world, it's a small world
Sha la la la la la
And I can do the sewing!
And you'll never hear the wolf cry to the blue corn moon
Flipping your fins you don't get too far
You're the one that we're depending on.
I wish you would tell me why!
In pain, in need
(How did you feel?)
Herc is a hero
Oh, killjoy
But there's something in him that I simply didn't see Lumiere:
They in for a worser fate
We'll build our future together
Don't you dare close your eyes
An ape like me
Bright young women
From this day on
Kings don't need advice
Your savoire-faire is ooh la la
What's a fire and why does it
Darling it's better
No big deal
And I got friends on the other side
All that time never even knowing
Float along
They dance to an ancient song
Ki tamafine Maua ai te lumanai
So this is love
Will smile along with you
Like reindeer in the sky You can fly
She really is a funny girl
Fate steps in and sees you through
Workin' for the Canaan Land. John Henry, John Henry,
Try to keep it hidden
It's our problem-free philosophy
Has a life, has a spirit, has a name You think the only people who are people
There's more to see than can ever be seen
Et tibit Pater
Well, who'd have thought? Mrs Potts:
And if you was married you'd be pushed 'round by your wife But in your future the you I see
Always Always I'll be with you
Betcha on land
Para nos trazer
I will never pass for a perfect bride, or a perfect daughter.
There's a Russian rendezvous
Guess who's gon' be on the plate? Under the sea
Or she will burn I'm gonna be a mighty king
And I'm dreaming of
Come on, give it everything you've got. John Henry, John Henry,
When somebody loved me
And a nose just like a rudder
and dinner here is never second best
while the flatware's entertaining
The bees are buzzin' in the tree
Strolling along down a
Yes, it's really me
Quia peccavi nimis
They'll see in time, I know When destiny calls you, you must be strong
C'est la vie, mon ami
So I'm starting now
What you want's what you get
I'll tell you something true The bare necessities of life will come to you Look for the bare necessities
For the rest of your days
Veronica, Millicent, Agnes, and Jane
Say what you wish; it's yours, true dish.
And realize happiness is
Who stole you fire from down below
Donald Duck! Forever man has held a banner
Wouldn't I love
(Through my fault)
(You're welcome!)
On the steps of Notre Dame You can lie to yourself and your minions
Beauty and the Beast Look at this stuff, isn't it neat?
But when I'm way up here, it's crystal clear
A whale of a tale or two
Makes no difference who you are
It's a small world after all (Come on, come on) (Everybody now) it's a small world after all (can you hear me now) it's a small world after all
and greatest pleasure that we welcome you tonight,
One pound
When I go the distance, I'll be right where I belong Down an unknown road to embrace my fate
let us help you, well keep going
Hush Ain't it a glorious day?
I'm not tied up to anyone
We cook up the meat inside
Or make me frown
Like it was meant to be And when she was lonely
Nobody beat us
Now gypsy, it's your turn
Wait and see. All three:
If love can see us through,
That Belle Master, I don't think you quite realize what you got here!
No time will be better
You've got to kiss the girl
Smile my way
Cruella, Cruella
Even the sturgeon an' the ray
Anytime that I would ask her
Round and round spinning round
How I hate going out in the storm
And an awesome 10 for 10
But scars can heal and reveal just
If this is where the monarchy is headed
A lady needn't fear when you are near
Let me share this whole new world with you A whole new world
(Look, what you don't realize) No one saying see here
I use it on behalf
(Yes, we are seein' it eye to eye)
He made the devil so much
All at once you're lighter than air
If I kissed her
then well sing you off to sleep as you digest
And your tattoos on the outside
Ten yards
(To blessed Mary ever virgin)
No place too far to go. If you believe, you can overcome.
I said she's gorgeous and I fell
And who'd have thunk? Who put the "glad" in "gladiator"?
She goes around in circles till she's very, very dizzy
Free to do it all my way!
Watch me dazzle like a diamond in the rough
Is he bold?
No river too wide,
That's right, we stay
No valley too low,
Disney
It took a lot of cooking to keep John fed,
I would break my family's heart. Who is that girl I see, staring straight back at me?
Like someone like me Cruella De Vil
expressed in the dance
Don't trip on the taro root
You'll see it's true
Out where dreams
Whadd'ya call 'em? Oh, feet
But as long as you love me so
Of vice and sin
Boy, was I a fool in school for cutting gym
(To the Holy Apostles, to all the saints) Beata Maria, you know I am a righteous man
From who you can become. Just keep on keepin' on,
Learning you were wrong Certain as the sun
For whether we are white or copper skinned
yes, indeed, we aim to please
Wonderful feeling, wonderful day!
If you relax it will enable me to do anything I please
Quantus tremor est futurus
We're seein' it eye to eye, baby
And nothing on earth can silence
The village believes
No beast alive stands a chance against you. Ha ha ha and
'Cause she really is a funny girl
I just love free food (free food) and you look like sea food (sea food) Well, well, well
Possible she wants you too
But you never can run from
And if I never knew you
The blackfish she sings
All those years living in a blur
Though that road may wander, it will lead me to you
Oh, let's go fly a kite! Want to know a secret?
never shall we die. Yo ho, haul together,
The dreams that I wish will come true No matter how your heart is grieving
Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho
Sentimentos são
Kyrie Eleison
Out of these waters?
I had strings
(eye to eye)
And loving me tonight. Somewhere out there,
2000 Leagues Under the Sea
Somehow we'd make the whole world bright I thought our love would be so beautiful
Tie your napkin 'round your neck, cherie
We kindle and char, inflame and ignite
This guy!
There was Typhoon Tessie
Where me and Ivan go
Sometimes the world seems against you
But she won't discover that it's him 'til chapter three Now it's no wonder that her name means "beauty"
What we shoulda known all along
Mesmo a bela e a fera Sentimento assim
Seein't it
For the wonderful world you know
Underneath your blood is blue!
Now he a hot shot
Well, there's one thing
I'm hoping
You don't have to worry
Cruella De Vil
When you're standing by a wishing well
Don't be scared
Under the water
Our Herc had cash to burn
try the grey stuff, it's delicious
For just like you I made myself a work of art
Flotsam, Jetsam, now I've got her, boys
Oh, I just can't wait to be king! A word's just a word
It almost looked like heaven's light I knew I'd never know that warm and loving glow
Like a bolt out of the blue
(Now see here!)
But you got to hold on
Look at the skies, they have stars in their eyes
We burn up the city, we're really a fright
Now that I see you All those days chasing down a daydream
You're the saddest bunch I ever met
I'll touch every star in the sky
Yes, sir Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay
You don't have to be
Just around the river bend, just around the river bend Should I choose the smoothest course
Part of your world You think I'm an ignorant savage
It doesn't have to be a snowman
They think a girl who gossips is a bore
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow When we finally kiss goodnight
And, my dear, we're still goodbying
And you don't know why
He was a kid with his act down pat
Now I'll eat you so prepare your final plea just for me
Got a whale of a tale to tell ya, lads
She was the captain's wife!
Mysterious as the dark side of the moon (Ou mata e matagi)
Somewhere out there,
Ou mata e matagi Ke manatua
Or say we're only dreaming A whole new world
(Well, that's definitely out)
So enemies beware!
We got no troubles
That's ancient history, been there, done that
I want more I want to be where the people are
It's enough for this restless warrior just to be with you And can you feel the love tonight? It is where we are
They sad 'cause they in their bowl
Some heavy ammunition in your camp!
I wish I could be the perfect daughter
Chasin' the love of the humans who made you feel wanted
The water is sweet inside
And if you hear it echoing
Steel drivin' man,
Consider the coconuts
Keep singing!
Beauty and the Beast Tale as old as time
When you pick a pear of the big pawpaw
For you and me Somewhere out there,
So he pulled down the moon for a little bit of light.
I'd be safe but half as real
"Unless you're dying to cry your heart out"
Blow me down and pick me up,
E um novo prazer E numa estação
You're the one that we're dependin' on.
And as I ring these bells tonight
You need to marry a little honey who's daddy got dough Mom and dad cut you off, huh, playboy?
How could I make a man out of you? Be a man
Riding high
Little soft fluffy sleeper
From little hornbills for a start
I know everybody on this island
And listen to the song
Under the sea (Under the sea)
The common, vulgar, weak, licentious crowd
Make it strong
Now y'all better get hitched but hitching ties you down
Hakuna Matata
No one saying be there
The scare of my young life
Can your friends go poof?
don't believe me? ask the dishes
On the steps of Notre Dame Now you would add this child's blood to your guilt
Everything he planted would jump up and grow. John Henry, John Henry,
And I'm almost there I'm almost there There's been trials and tribulations
You don't know You think you own whatever land you land on
You've got me bona fide certified;
You've got a friend in me I have often dreamed of a far off place
Whose daring deeds are great theater?
People 'round here think I'm crazy
I will find my way if I can be strong
If I could live
A new fantastic point of view
Rumblin' almost caused an earthquake.
And a voice keeps saying this is where I'm meant to be I'll be there someday, I can go the distance
'Til you give it away We've all got a gift
She makes her whole family proud
Forget about your worries and your strife
When the nights got cold
And I knew that she loved me So the years went by
You got some punch, pizzaz, yahoo and how...
When you gonna own up that you got, got, got it bad?
Steady as the beating drum? Should I marry Kocoum?
And maybe love is a reason why
(Ha!)
Mea culpa
And we call it bella notte
I'd have lived my whole life through
I'm not to blame
A dazzling place I never knew
In dreams you will loose your heartache
There is one way to ask her
And may love be your keeper
A few days more
What a puzzle to the rest of us is Belle Oh, isn't this amazing?
Never knowing I could feel
You can try, try, try but you can't expect a demigod to beat a decapod
Who found their way across the world
Is a map of the victories I win
I need three words to tear her argument apart: your granny lied I'd rather be shiny
Send it on, ooh, send it on There's power in all
And no one leaves Chief Tui:
Shine a light, and send it on Just smile, and the world
Give me the power of man's red flower
(Love is why we're seein' it)
Do you wanna build a snowman?
Now and forever more Don't listen to them
And the call isn't out there at all, it's inside me
Fáceis de mudar
Well, of course! I mean you do, but Right from the moment when I met her, saw her
I mean the bare necessities
It's adorable!
ko koe taku pele e fofou ai au
But behind that fair facade
Such wonderful things surround you
The lings on the strings
Somehow I cannot hide
Until you kiss the girl Sha la la la la la
I've reached the top and had to stop
Every time that I-
I was a drab little crab once
Ya, ya, ya
Warm on the sand?
No one knows how far it goes
There is an element of fun
Put our service to the test
Thanks!
With just the bare necessities of life
(Through my fault) If in God's plan
Just a little something we have here in Louisiana
You can fly Up you go with a height and ho
Once you find your center, you are sure to win
It's a small world after all
they can sing, they can dance
We joke and we weave our baskets
Just look over your shoulder
Put a ribbon through it
Just your voice!
With all the strength of a raging fire
And let her taste the fires of hell
For the first time ever, we're seein' it eye to eye Seein' it eye to
But you don't need to use the claw
Ou loto mamaina toa
For the kill
Cuttin' a rug here
Life's full of tough choices, isn't it?
while the candlelight's still glowing
needing so much more than dusting
The fisherman fishes, the bakerman bakes
I'm the girl who loves the sea
That gleam in your eyes
The man with the strength of many.
You can find happiness right -
Villagers: Where we are Moana:
We kidnap and ravage and don't give a hoot
When dancing at the ball she'll be more beautiful than all
But I know every rock and tree and creature
And at last I see the light
Count me out!
when we did all that
He knows a song will move the job along For a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down
The very eyes of Notre Dame (Kyrie Eleison)
But if you walk the footsteps of a stranger
They had a kind of glow around them
Bigger and stronger too
You'll love me at once The way you did once upon a dream The King and his men
You call this bacon
Honey we can see right through you (Oh no)
I've watched a happy pair of lovers walking in the night
Wonderful feeling, feeling this way! Mister Bluebird's on my shoulder
Teste David cum sibylla
Every moment red-letter I'll chase them anywhere
Small to say the least
We'll do things and we'll go places.
Moana, it's time you knew
You can fly Think of the happiest things
Someone's saying a prayer,
Shine a light, and send it on Send it on, on and on
For the first time ever
Always
I was there to dry her tears
When you leave the world behind
Mary makes your 'eart so light!
No man is worth the aggravation
That I've been dreaming of
So green, or a bluer sky? Oh it's a jolly 'oliday with Mary
The fish on the land ain't happy
Think of all the joy you'll find
In a most delightful way A robin feathering his nest has very little time to rest
Of use to me Now here is a riddle to guess if you can
You're in my world now, not your world
Since the morning that we came
M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E! Mickey Mouse!
I'm right out here for you (here for you)
Never part of any crowd
It's a small world after all, it's a small world (Everybody now) it's a small world after all, it's a small world after all
We pillage, we plunder, we rifle, and loot
Seein' it eye to eye
On a lady who's withdrawn
Ever a surprise
(Don't have to be a snowman)
if you think) No one saying do this
Frollo felt a twinge of fear
Yay Mickey Mouse Club! Whale of a Tale
he's not whole without a soul to wait upon
The lights are turned way down low
The fluke is the duke of soul
No one braver!
never shall we die. The king and his men
Let me take your order, jot it down?"
I am a girl who loves my island
Good Morning. I've come to return the book I borrowed
Like she loved me
This fire in my skin
Doces emoções
Ain't gonna kiss the girl
(He's got friends on the other side) That's and echo gentleman
You can claim that you haven't a qualm
I look deep into your heart and soul You do have have a soul, don't you, Lawrence?
You ain't never had friend like me Oh my. No no. My my my.
The song say kiss the girl
It's a talent that I always have possessed
Just one spark starts a fire With one little action
We stick together and we see it through
Just around the river bend I look once more just around the river bend
(Nothing's gonna stop us now) If we listen to each other's heart
New and a bit alarming
To the string of your kite Oh, oh, oh!
and my dear that fine with me
Still they holler "Keep a-busy, Cinderelly!" We can do it, we can do it
(Consider the coconuts)
Know how to wail here
It's a small, small, small, small world (pretty small eh) It's a small world after all, it's a small world after all
And this perfect package packed a pair of pretty pecs Hercie, he comes, he sees, he conquers
That now I'm in a whole new world with you
You don't even know how you feel
That visions are seldom what they seem But if I know you
This burning desire
Saolotoga tenei
Yet on land it's much preferred for ladies not to say a word
Maybe
Never thought she'd look my way
And for once, never wonder what they're worth The rainstorm and the river are my brothers
What's the lesson? What is the takeaway?
That brings the bare necessities of life Wherever I wander, wherever I roam
Keep you safe and warm
Go on and kiss the girl Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay
Now he's a hot-shot
I will be here
Everything is by design
and were obsessed, with you meal, with your ease
It's the same as having wings
But entre nous
An enchanted moment and it sees me through
I've had my share
Every path I make
Bonjour Bonjour Bonjour There goes the baker with his tray, like always
She stands apart from the crowd
The fishermen come back from the sea Moana:
The village of Motunui is
Janice, Felicia, Lydia--charming
On this lovely bella notte Look at me,
I've delivered us to where we are
'Cause what do they know
Just around the river bend? In every job that must be done
The smelt and the sprat
It's a small world after all, it's a small, small, small, small world A dream is a wish your heart makes
To make my dream come true
And find a way to bring me to you So don't be in a hurry
I will always love you Lonely and forgotten
Home and freedom hand in hand,
The job's a game And every task you undertake
Don't you cry 'Cause you'll be in my heart
Those poor unfortunate souls
John Henry came right on time. Home and freedom hand in hand,
Though I might wish with all my might
My heart has wings, mmmmmm
Just a sec, don't ya know
There's a rhyme and reason to the wild outdoors
All that time never truly seeing
Folks lined up
If I never knew you I thought our love would be so beautiful Somehow we made the whole world bright I never knew that fear and hate could be so strong
Face it like a grown-up
Oh... sorry Hakuna Matata!
Leave the sewing to the women
There comes a day
Will come to you
Que o outro não espera
(We sing these songs in our choir)
Up on the shore they work all day
To love me by the Zuider Zee
She would kiss me
As dreamers do
Como a primavera
It's gonna be King Simba's finest fling
Ever seen someone so shiny Soak it in 'cause it's the last you'll ever see
Then she gave me
The chub play the tub
the energy
My arms will hold you,
It's not my fault Mea culpa
You'll love me at once The way you did once upon a dream You've got a friend in me
where we will, we'll roam. Yo ho, all hands,
We'd turn the darkness into light And still my heart is singing
Seein' it, baby
We're devils and black sheep, really bad eggs
With your fist holding tight
Born with a hammer right in his hand. He plowed the earth so wide and deep,
You'll love me at once The way you did once upon a dream There's a calm surrender to the rush of day
Fall apart in my backyard
You're changing, you're changing, you're changing alright
To the bells of Notre Dame
Oh, my little star sweeper
Whatever you wish for, you keep Have faith in your dreams and someday
There he goes again
And one I know that you'll understand
Solvet saeclum in favilla
hau ta hihiva
That we'll find one another,
You got the mood prepared
It's a small world, after all (can you hear me now?) It's a small world after all (come on, come on)
When Mary 'olds your 'and
And no one leaves Moana:
Do you know who you are? [Moana:]
she's our guest, she's our guest
Like someone like me
It's enough to make kings and vagabonds believe the very best
What's the word? Burn? When's it my turn?
Tenderly beating
One song
(We use the leaves to build fires)
And go ahead and sign the scroll
(We weave our nets from the fibers)
course by course, one by one
As the sun will rise Tale as old as time
It's a small, small, small, small world (come on, come on)
You're the boss, the king, the shah.
So I have fun
Or a perfect daughter
Lost forever I know you
I can free myself, from their expectations
flabby, fat, and lazy, you walked in and oops-a-daisy it's a guest it's a guest
There you are You'll be okay
Just she and I together
Be who you are on the inside?
I can read your future, I can change it 'round some too
Can I ignore that sound of distant drumming? For a handsome sturdy husband who builds handsome sturdy walls
We what the land folks loves to cook
Can it be,
And who'd have guessed they'd come together on their own? Mrs Potts:
You're lookin' at him, yo
It don't take a word
We make our nets from the fibers
And when the night wind starts to sing a lonesome lullaby,
Okay, bye Some day my prince will come
How precious life can be I thought our love would be so beautiful
Is so familiar a gleam
hunter in the whole world!
do it again it'll soon clear
I guess I've already won that
It means no worries
I'm just an ordinary demi-guy Hey!
To find me today Today!
(Everybody now) it's a small world after all, it's a small, small, small, small world (can you hear me now?) It's a small world after all (come on, come on)
The ray he can play
hoist the colors high.
Yes you'll be in my heart
All they'd leave us were these whispers in the night
And I help them
And when I think of tomorrow
My, oh, my, what a wonderful day
Each little snail here
You've been pushed 'round all your life
And my dear, we're still goodbying
(Everybody now) it's a small world after all, it's a small, small, small, small world It's a small world after all, no matter if you're big or small
keep on dancing
For a hero's strength is measured by his heart, oh Like a shooting star, I will go the distance
You ain't never had friend like me! Yes sir, we pride ourselves on service.
Now nouveau riche and famous
If I never knew you If I never knew you
No face as hideous as my face
Mickey Mouse Club! We'll have fun, we'll meet new faces.
You got to hear it
Look where I've been
If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me
Please, be our guest! Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me
Yeah
Cause I'm almost there I remember daddy told me
And a smile means friendship to everyone
'Til you mean what you say
Everybody workin' for the Canaan Land.
He's our hero
What is wrong with me See the light as it shines on the sea
Ain't no passing craze
Then we'll be together,
Girl, you can't deny it
Beauty and the Beast Little town
I hope you're satisfied, but if you ain't don't blame me
You ain't never had friend like me Life is your restaurant and I'm your maitre'd
Can you sing with all the voices of the mountains
We're seein' it eye to eye
And let me know
Say goodbye to those who knew me
Where no one else can see Even this foul creature may
Who'd have ever thought that this could be?
Now that I've found you
the joy and sweetness
You must find happiness right
Boy, you've got a friend in me
Manatunatu
A love so strong and true I'm so grateful to you
Maraud and embezzle, and even high-jack
And I can fly
With your first 'olding tight
It's a pity and a sin
Ha! I like how it misbehaves The village may think I'm crazy
I wanna see Chief Tui:
Now I'm in a whole new world with you Unbelievable sights
People are asking where you've been
Though I've tried
Heave ho, thieves and beggars;
Everything was beautiful
If the savage one is me
Stronger than a man
Where a hero's welcome would be waiting for me
And they slapped his face on ev'ry vase
Through despair and hope
Hakuna Matata! Hakuna Matata
We're safe and we're well provided
To ever frighten me!
There's no sea monster big enough
John let me show you what we're working for. Canaan Land, Canaan Land,
Well next time beware
You just want to be free, hop from place to place
Under the sea Down here all the fish is happy
Born with a hammer,
be our guest! be our guest! be our guest Be our guest! be our guest!
Ke manatua
To see her is to
I'll agree are three jolly good sports
Pumbaa! Not in front of the kids!
It's enough for this wide-eyed wanderer that we got this far
Bubbled up like molten lava
My cold dark tower seems so bright
The daffodils are smilin' at the dove
Take a sudden chill
(That's right!)
When the heart of this star-crossed voyager beats in time with yours And can you feel the love tonight? It is where we are
How is your family Bonjour
from its watery grave,
To find me today
(Ou loto mamaina toa)
Choose me or your pyre
'Bout the flapping fish and girls I've loved
To make some honey just for me
Consider the coconut
Is he sweet?
You'll love me at once
Once Upon a dream I know you
And go along not thinkin' about it
Blow me down, and pick me up
(Held her tenderly)
Someone like me
Comme ci comme ca
If she doesn't scare you
And it's like the fog has lifted
M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E! Mickey Mouse Club!
His hammer hit the earth with such a mighty blow,
So this is the miracle
Hey, it's okay, it's okay, you're welcome (You're welcome)
There we are I'll lead the way
It's an uphill slope
Just remember what your old pal said
More to find than can ever be found
Forbearance is the hallmark of your creed
I'll cut it with these scissors!
and the devil to pay,
Now I know I can be happy as a clam
A big brass band!
To those poor unfortunate souls Have we got a deal?
Is blazing in me out of all control
Make your choice
My home, my people beside me
we tell jokes! I do tricks with my fellow candlesticks
You've seen her kind of eyes
e kua ninimo toku ulu
Mechicka booleroo
That come what may
Or right behind these waterfalls
Of the miserable, the lonely, and depressed (Pathetic) Poor unfortunate souls
I know that love'll lead us
Why is my reflection someone I don't know?
Let's hear it in the herd and on the wing
You're gonna see
Make a wish into the well
Each little clam here
(Aha!)
They understand
Fish are dumb, dumb, dumb
I'm not asking much, just a token really, a trifle
Away the shock
This child is getting wildly out of wing
To where I used to be A whole new world
To be happy forever I know Some day when spring is here
ina hiva
But this does not define you
But you're dying to try
Okay, bye Do you wanna build a snowman?
My shell's too tough, Maui man
I will never pass for a perfect bride
Scheherazade had a thousand tales.
We gotta get a-goin'
A thrilling chase
See, all you gotta do is rub that lamp, and I'll say: Chorus:
Imagine all we can do If we send it on, on and on
No wonder that it's Mary that we love! Oh it's a jolly 'oliday with Mary
I made a deal with you
Get it?
Chief Tui and Sina:
never shall we die. Now, some have died and some are alive
We were right We were right
Now things for sure are going my way
Our people will need a chief
Just to watch him flex
I never see you anymore
(You've rather a long way to go, young master
(In word and deed) Like fire, Hellfire
Sick of swimming
And some say the soul of the city is
And Moana, there's so much to do
And away to his castle we'll go
I'm in the mood to help you, dude.
Where you are The people you love will change you
You find the fun and snap!
Beyond the shore where the gulls fly free
Plenty of sunshine headin' my way
Make the fire, fix the breakfast
Transformation central
And it seems like it's calling out to me
We need to sing with all the voices of the mountains
You can't step in the same river twice
Para a bela e a fera Sentimentos são
Scrub the deck and make it look shiny
Fate is kind
Brave and bold with a heart of gold,
The undertow and the waves
Those fish
We'll do it until you admit you're in love
You've got a genie for charge d'affaires. I've got a powerful urge to help you out,
That the twisting kaleidoscope moves us all in turn
Whilst I illuminate the possibilities! Well, Ali Baba had them forty thieves,
Et max laryngitis
A twenty pound hammer right in his hand. I heard John's mama liked to sew at night,
But the fire is so delightful
They find (They find)
I'm where I'm meant to be And at last I see the light
never shall we die. The bell has been raised
We extort, we pilfer, we filch, and sack
Mickey Mouse!
Still it calls me
Are you ready? Transformation central
You feel so grand
Wouldn't you think I'm the girl
A little parlor trick, don't worry Sit down at my table, put your mind at ease
I was left alone Still I waited for the day
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo Salagadoola mechicka boola
Don't know what for why do all my dreams extend
Ya we in luck here
It's stale
One day I'll know
That small act of love
I don't know?
In the lovely dress we'll make for Cinderelly! Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry
Just a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down
In that big somewhere out there. And even though I know how very far apart we are,
Here's where she meets Prince Charming
That's all we need Sina:
With quite so little hair
All you need The dancers are practising
Every day
hihiva mai
Like a treasure from a sunken pirate wreck
The simple bare necessities
(Who needs a new song? This old one's all we need) This tradition is our mission
This is not who you are
Life is the bubbles
Always and always Just look over your shoulder
(Kyrie Eleison)
Gentlemen like you are few
Girl, you can't conceal it
You'll see him wink his eye You can fly
So come find me
Your rainbow will come smiling through
I think some company is overdue
(What I meant was)
Come on whisper what it is you want;
Destroy Esmeralda
And the world has somehow shifted
Take a little trip into your future with me Now you, young man are from across the sea
I like to dance with the water
I'll be bubbling, I'll be brewing
But without my voice, how can I-
With your feet on the ground
They chase anything that glitters, beginners
Little Maui's havin' trouble with his look
I swear by my tatoo! With tuppence for paper and strings
Oh, it's a jolly holiday with you, Bert
(Do you wanna build a snowman?)
It's me and you
we`ll prepare and serve with flair a culinary cabaret!
How far I'll go Look at me
Novas sensações
Shine a light, and send it on Every time she'd find a minute
Moana listen
My heart keeps singing
I have crossed the horizon to find you
Can't be broken
Then one evening
What would I pay
M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E! Hey there! Hi there! Ho there!
Not a single word
What I want from you is your voice
High, high, high. high! Come along lets sing the song
That's the time that they begin it
She glanced this way, I thought I saw
She began to drift away
No denying she's a funny girl that Belle Bonjour
People taking the easy way
A beauty but a funny girl
Have I given you a clue? The bare necessities of life will come to you
I hear you, come on, get up you say
Bells, bells, bells, bells
When she loved me When somebody loved me
we lay to the fiddler's green. Yo ho haul together,
(He's got friends on the other side) The cards, the cards, the cards will tell
If she's here it's crystal clear
Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me
The seed he sowed the ground had to keep.
And for one time in his live
Watching you from underneath
They say, "have courage" and I'm trying to (trying to)
Set your 'eart spinning
But I don't have-
I'd bust my strings for you You've got no strings
Is turning me to sin
Sweet and undefeated
Seems so happy on this island
To follow the farthest star
Hercules, Hercules Bless my soul
(Through my most grievous fault) Protect me, Maria
And it's warm and real and bright
Taku pelepele Pa mai to mafanafanaga
Who am I?
In a most delightful way The honey bee that fetch the nectar from the flowers to the comb
The trout rockin' out
Tick by Do you wanna build a snowman?
Soaring, tumbling, freewheeling
Let every creature go for broke and sing
Well, who indeed? Lumiere:
Lives within my heart When she loved me, hey Sentimentos são
Ha! I guess it's just my way of being me
Naturally (Naturally)
But the thing mabob that does the job
It feels so good when you start out
He could tell you what's a Grecian "earn"! Say "Amen"
For the first time
She doesn't quite fit in
The toll of the bells
The nice things he'll say I'm wishing for the one I love
Born with a hammer right in his hand. Well, come on John,
She's nothing like the rest of us
Of the choices we make
Also I harnessed the breeze
No-one knows who I am.
In a circle, in a hoop that never ends How high will the sycamore grow
I'm forced to hide?
A wondrous place
sakes alive, we'll be blessed
When we kissed I
Wish I could be
They have stolen the heart from inside you
I insist
Can learn to be humen too (Gee, cousin Louie
The plaice play the bass
Or asked the grinning bobcat why he grinned
Hakuna It means no worries
Maui, now it's time to kick your heiney
Katakata mai
soup du jour, hot hors d'oeuvres
I'll get warm, piping hot
Try to use the claw
(Hold your breath, it gets better) I'm like a shooting star
You're a spineless, pale, pathetic lot
with dessert, she'll want tea