But tonight the sand is stopping
When the one to blame is standing in the mirror
Gone forever from a loaded bullet
Just as bad for coming on to her
That's, that's, that's when we all win The right thing to guide us
She's gonna like my pistol clean
its the same old conversation
And I'm pacing by the phone
When all hope is gone
In a house that's not a home The pain in my heart 'cause we're a thousand miles apart
Good bye, good bye
So keep the throttle to the bottom
Now I did, you wonder why I like the freckles on your chest
She had fire in her soul it was easy to see,
A little trick I picked up from my father, in one ear and out the other
Don't you wait another minute here
I won't do this anymore, whoa
And we'll hide out in the private rooms
I can't believe that I can breathe without you
I wish my wish was enough
She's got me runnin' round and round Out on Sunset
I can't deny the hardest thing for me
We're going till the world stops turning
It never comes easy when you're digging for gold (Hey, hey) Well she ain't no Cinderella when she's getting undressed
Now thanks to you I can't forget it
Dealing things that can be undone
Just acting like we're animals
Time to be honest, this time I'm pleading,
Each time she bats an eyelash
"Oh God, don't let him pull it." Please, God, don't let him pull it
I'm sick of sight without
I must of done it half a dozen times I wonder if it's too late
Gonna steal, beg, and borrow
Cause the hands of time are never on your side If today was your last day
So many five star friends with black credit cards
There gonna call the cops, the CIA, and then the FBI Yeah,
No matter what, remember
Never again
I hate to see the moments disappear
Hours to wait
As long as there's still life in me
Whoa, but heaven, no, heaven don't hear me And they say that a hero could save us
And this is how you remind me This is how you remind me
(I miss you, so, so, I do) so, so, I do
With scars on both his lips, his fingertips
I will not leave alone everything that I own
And unpack your suitcase
I won't be missing one more day. I am so high, I can hear heaven
'Cause trying not to love you
Cause I think I've forgotten
And still I don't understand No pictures left in the hall
If you can hear me now
And trying to look so innocent while sucking on her thumb Your so much cooler
And, oh, I scream for you
And that's why I fear it won't do And they say that a hero could save us
Ain't nothing wrong with it
It was during those songs
I know if not for you there's nothing I could do, to ever let it end.
Get 'em get 'em up
Tomorrow never comes Time, is going by, so much faster than I,
Baby maybe just wait 'cause I ain't drunk yet
And if I don't belong who would have guessed it
Just to get high, (high) Three days no sleeping, he gave up eating
You could tell how we felt from the look on our faces.
What are you waiting for wow? (What are you waiting for wow)
You only living one so tell me?
Most of the time I had better things to do
If you could lead the way,
Hold on to me and never let me go
Damn near killed you And this is how you remind me
'Cause you tasted like home
It's over, it's over, it's over You've taken, these things that belong to me
Yet, yet, no, no I know the feeling
She's got me runnin' round and round Oh, Oh
Yeah, she tasted like home
Like the duchess of Detroit
Mother's hands are serving meals
To go along with insanity? I guess it wasn't really right
A sense of feeling
Speaking to the sky
Every nickel back pays a visit
Evil on your breath
Watch as we all fly away Now that the world isn't ending
She bending as your spending
Ain't nothing wrong girl
It gets a little better every time we're together Father's hands are lined with dirt
That I I miss you so, so, I do
Gotta be some way that I can make it up to you now, somehow By now you know that I'd come for you
But about the same time you walk by
Hold on to me and never let me go Look at this photograph
It's the human race
And we shouldn't be alive at the speed's we were driving
Just look at where we are
We're here for all the shit that you don't need no more (yeah)
That shit makes me bat shit crazy
I'll be your satellite Flying down the highway like a bat out of hell
This time it's like
But you can never keep me down
I got you to myself
Water ahead 'cause I can hear it in the distance I'm running for the river
Yes I do
And how're we gonna get there? Revolution
Your life's a fucking fairy tale The first words that come out
They said somebody went and burnt it down We use to listen to the radio
And all you have to do is sing along I write lines down, then rip them up
(You're the only one who knows that) How the hell'd we wind up like this
And then just turn it off (Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
She's got me runnin' round and round Hollywood is plastic, but easy on the eyes.
And we danced on into the night,
I hope there's someone back home Oh well, home ain't what I'm callin'
Over and over and over i get sick and tired of
You and I every night
Even sweeter than the honey on a bumblebee
You moved in last Friday night
Have a shot from the bottle, doesn't matter to me.
It feels like we could never die
Hurry, I'm fallin', I'm fallin' Show me what it's like
But I'm the only ghost walkin' through the hallways
And sing along with every song we know
It don't matter where the wind blows Lighter in my hand and I've got nothing to burn
His brother watched him do it How could you take his life away?
I thought it was the day I got, I want it all to go away I guess it wasn't really right
For tearing us apart
Wings are growing out of me
Since it's so hard to swallow
Taste delicious prim madonna knock this swiss so I guess she did it
Like we've only got tonight
And she can hold my hand because she hates the dark.
Don't ever let it end. Please promise that this won't end.
And I can never get her under control
So I doubt he'll kick me out this afternoon Down on the corner in a seedy bar
Four and twenty blackbirds, oh, so high Oh, it must be nice
Of what I really am
To clubs I'll never get in
Got the school girl skirt on the top of the pile
There goes the next contestant I even fear the ladies
People pretending everywhere
On an episode of Cribs
Heads we will, tails we'll try again So I say why don't you and I get together
'Cause everybody knows
And she talks like a trucker
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no no
My baby, she's up for anything I wanna do.
That's why it's harder to let you go
As they all try coming on to her
It's better kept inside than left for good
Up and down we go
She delivers every dirty thought.
Are gonna have to come after the rain Gonna have to come after the rain (rain, yeah)
And we danced on into the night! Like a piece to the puzzle that falls into place,
When they get caught they all go free
It's always fun for me, it's always unbelievable. She'll do every naughty thing I want
Now I see the silver lining, of what we're fighting for
And say it for me, say it to me
Daylight getting near
I guess nobody ever taught her not to speak with a full mouth
'Cause we'll be doin' this 'till six in the mornin'
No, it didn't matter what I tried
Was lying when I told her
Trade it in for one more moment
The ashes will burn, and wither away
To me We all need a chance
I'm reachin' out to let you know
And as I pulled you near, whispered in your ear, don't ever let it end. Please promise me that this won't end.
Could be our only one, you know it's only just begun
It will still mean nothing
Hold on to me and never let me go Table has been set
And turn this up on the radio
(If today was your last day) Against the grain should be a way of life
And on my own I scratched your name
Blood over your hands
We're going a million miles an hour
Convincing his belief for what you love
But now it's your turn
From a Pez dispenser
Was it something that I did?
Yeah, yeah, yeah S is for the simple need.
The drumbeat carries on And the drumbeat carries on
Why not before, you never tried
Gone first thing this morning
And I'm singing Amen I, Amen I, Amen I, I'm alive
Hittin' from the bong like a diesel train
No one can save us (No one can save us)
Don't be a hero and you might just make it home
I'm like a pony in my own rodeo
F-U-C-K-I-N-G) She'll do every naughty thing I want
Are we having fun yet Yet, yet, yet, no no
She's got me runnin' round and round Oh oh, oh oh
And borrow two from the TV remote
She's got a fast car, hotter then a dance bar.
But I keep telling you
She's got me runnin' round and round She tastes like the sunshine kissing me
Yes I'd come for you, but only if you told me to And I'd fight for you,
That overlooks the water
Now I did, you wonder why And now I know who you are
The things that she does, alright Well, she walks like a model
Why's love gotta be so tough Should see the look on my face
Now I know why, I hide my love from you some days
Get 'em get 'em up The only thing I wish that one of us had known
You know I'd always come for you. Back in my hometown
And I like the dirt that's on your knees
No, I don't
'Cause her favorite band is gonna play downtown.
Screamin' No, we're never gonna quit
Maybe we'll turn it around 'cause it's not too late
I was waiting on a different story
Believe again If you could take the dirt
Every sugar daddy hitting on her all night long
Let's walk, let's talk No time
That you finally fall in love
I never dreamed that you'd be mine
And she said honey if you want to you can come with me
The living room becomes a boxing ring
You can't replace it
Why, 'cause I'm tired of hating
Hold on here we go
The light in the tunnel is just another runaway train
Said it's only twenty karats it can't be that hard to find it baby Your touch has made me a believer
My baby still looks amazing with no makeup
Round and round we go My best friend gave me the best advice
You shake your a** around for everyone
By now, no doubt that we were heading south
What are you, what are you waiting for? Since the moment I spotted you
She's just a woman, never again Been there before but not like this
She said honey if you wanna you can come with me
Round and round we go
I've got to be that someone that you're with I'm in a bar full of bikers
We're gonna do it hanging upside down
He started stealing, to supply the feeling
James Dean is fine for me
Under the hot lights, underneath the spot light.
We drink up, we fall down
We're just a couple of animals
When she whispered what was that
When the bravest of men just stand by
Birthday cake wanna grant my wishes
That we can't stand up
In the spotlight all night dissin' everyone
All night (All night) I never wanna have to slow down
I cried alone and scratched your name
What if we don't give in?
So, what you wanna do? And me, I'll repay the favor with your favorite thing you love to do. So, what you wanna do?
And left a little empty handed
I know that pain's supposed to heal in stages
I miss you so much
Work my britches
So we can stay
The judge is going easy 'cause he paid for her chest
A diamond in the rough ('cause you never know)
Your mom don't know that you were missing
I felt like shit when I woke up this morning All of this, all of this
Yet, yet, yet, no no It's not like you didn't know that
Well something's gotta go wrong
Oh, she grabbed a bottle of tequila
Should've seen it coming
Inside this atmosphere Dance around the moon,
Yes I do And I want to make him
And I love the people that you know
On the side of a bullet
And I like the way you still say please, while you're looking up at me
So good I never wanna waste it
There are no candles in here, lipstick's still on my mirror
It's over, it's over, it's over you swore, i would regret it
You're my California queen
Well everybody's tired of being alone
Circling the drain, throw it all away
Swing as hard as you can swing
all those lies you tell me
But with the icky of the sticky
Stand up the guards
How did our eyes get so red?
And some things stay the same
Don't be surprised when you swallow all your pride.
Complacency for a voice that won't be ignored
Like should could tell what the hell I was about to say.
Just for touching you
There's gotta be somebody for me out there
I wanna let it out
Stick with your pride and you're gonna be lonely Everybody says that life takes patience
Slowly!
Turns out that everything I say to you
Could you say goodbye to yesterday?
Gonna join the mile high club
Is right here, inside us
And she's the only one I'd follow for eternity
We were spinning in circles with the moon in our eyes,
Hold on to me and never let me go (Keep breathing)
There's three new holes in my wall
Only makes me love you more So I sit here divided, just talking to myself
Exactly where it's at, and she could draw a map.
Sing this song to you
It's love that I'm sending to you
We wrote down every line from every movie that we'd seen
Scream
And now we're buying diamonds
They're watching us
Tell me what did, where you gone and hid?
His brother watched you do it How could you take his life away?
Then it's always yes, yeah! I'm loving what you wanna wear,
Jack wound up with a broken neck
A thousand fahrenheit and we're about to ignite
And singin' 'ay oh ay oh ay oh ay',
Good bye, good bye, good bye Look at this photograph
I love my hands around your neck Ouh and I know who you are
And everybody's been forgotten
We'll show the world they were wrong
God, I've got to be that someone that...
I wish I knew what would I, I miss you so much
I like the white stains on your dress
Ooooohhhhhhh We're screaming like demons, swinging from the ceiling
But everybody's got a choice to make
Gonna pop my pills
And I hate the places that we go
Ain't it funny how the honey wanted you all along (You naughty thing)
So what, so what, so what? So what if we all stand up?
Take your time rather than hurry
And I'll show you what I can be
'Cause you know you know, you know That I love you I have loved you all along and I miss you
And then we do it all again Yeah we get up, and go out
She's just a woman, never again Just tell the nurse you slipped and fell
'Cause we're standing on the edge of a revolution What do we want? We want change
And as you pulled me near, whispered in my ear, don't ever let it end. Please promise me that this won't end.
Standing on the edge of a revolution Hey, hey, just obey
And I can talk about it all day long till I run out of breath
Check out the trouble we're in You're beside me on the seat
it starts with just you and I'm
I think the present owner fixed it up
And everything we built
She's got me runnin' round and round
You're takin' too much space
The more we drank, the less that we had on. And it turns out she's got everything I want, but all rolled into one.
Can't replace that face, that waist
I did what I did, can't stay in and I'm just a kid
To get anything that we want
I sat at home, and cried alone
I want to be that someone that...
She's got ahold of me and ain't lettin' go
Feel like a king and she's my ace in the hole
Gotta playmate wanna join the party
Are you waiting on a lightening strike
Feels like were back there instantly
Let nothin' stand in your way
Let's lock the door behind us,
Why is what's best for you
Locked and loaded
That you're not alone And you can't tell, I'm scared as hell
The moment when we're meeting, will play out like a scene
I want to take his hands off
Tidal wave in motion
With a lullaby
(watching up)
Maybe in the parking lot,
Tattoos on her left hip
If they could love like you and me
But all we serve are empty words
The second floor is hard for sneakin' out And this is where I went to school
Says they all taste the same in the back of the Benz
What are you waiting for wow?
Why's love gotta be so tough Before this hits the ground,
I love your lack of self-respect
And we all look away
'Cause forever is never
Run around town on a treadmill
This is how you remind me This is how you remind me
Round and round we go Yeah,
Oh, I reach for you, well I'm terrified of these four walls
And I will sing a song
They'll never catch me They'll never catch me
'Cause you look so much cuter with something in your mouth She loves the night scene bar queen
She said honey if you want you can come with me
Quite the way I want it to be
Every good gold digger's gonna wind up there
She's just a woman, never again
You'd call the house from time to time
They say it's over budget but you'd pay her just to touch it, come on
My shit's all over the place
So, so, I do
Thirty for your last disgrace
It would be great if I could take you to this someday.
I miss it now
Are we having fun yet? Yeah, yeah
Every Playboy bunny with her bleach blond hair
Whoa-oh, oh
Said if I wanted in we'd have to plan this thing just right
She's a scene from a Baywatch rerun.
Even sweeter than a honey on a bumblebee
Slam as much as you can take and hand the bottle to me.
And I borrow things that I don't need for conversation sake
God knows I do, I
Gotta be free, ready or not
As soon as I looked over man
That's why she's making six figures working three days a week
Tie the pages to a plane and send it to the moon
And to this day so many say
Until they swallow
I've been down
'Cause living with him must have
Just sitting around, hanging out this afternoon
What you gonna save it for? (What you gonna save it for?)
Hammer down, grab a cup, bottoms up! Hey! Bottoms up. His driver's license said James he went by Jim
She didn't make it this far by just shakin' hands
Hey, hey, I want to be a rock star I want to be great like Elvis without the tassels
You just betray I like your pants around your feet
Because you're not done, you're far too young
Let's talk You left without saying goodbye
No more questions, get back in line! (just get back in line!) Pay with your life
There's bullets flying through the air
Packed all of my shit and moved across the country
We may never see tomorrow
As soon as I looked over
I miss you so, so, I do
Every time I do it makes me My best friend gave me the best advice
No matter what, remember, you know I'd always come for you
Stop breathing if I don't see you anymore On my knees, I'll ask last chance for one last dance
That's, that's, that's when we all win Like a gift from the heavens it was easy to tell,
What are you, what are you waiting for wow?
That's my dad outside the car
It's just a little hard to leave
And if we just keep on trying, we could be much more
Good bye, good bye, good bye Remember the old arcade?
And you can pray all day for rain
(Just like a heartbeat) (Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'll hold you 'till the hurt is gone I'm gonna be there all the way,
Hurry up, the world needs this
No room left to move in between you and I. We forgot where we were and we lost track of time,
That's, that's, that's when we all win They tell us every thing's alright
Been far away for far too long
But, how can that be, look what love gave us
But I keep telling you It's over, it's over, it's over. I, I'm driving black on black
Say it if it's worth saving me Hurry, I'm fallin'
Like wounded soldiers in need of healing
Not just a suggestion, if you ask the question,
You know I'd always come for you Yes I'd come for you, no one but you,
I can't imagine that you ain't having fun yet
Do you think I could have a drink
Me standing here with you
So if you're ever lost and find yourself all alone,
And what the hell is on Joey's head? This is where I grew up
Now I'm, wondering why, I've kept this bottled inside,
But I'm dying to, God I'm trying to 'Cause trying not to love you, only goes so far
He sold his mother's rings, she said nothing
And I wish she'd take the night off
Tell 'em that you tried, but you're never gonna catch me Water ahead 'cause I can hear it in the distance
You can shoot me in the leg
We could laugh as we both pretend that we're not in love and that we're just good friends. Well, I'm tired of pretending, but I'm terrified of it ending.
She's done everyone once, and everyone knows
Got to be a better way to come down
Standing on the edge of a revolution No, we won't give up, we won't go away
Don't ever let it end. Well, I got two tickets to the game.
X is just to mark the spot,
With the latest dictionary and today's who's who
For all the wrong reasons
I won't
That world never came And they say that a hero could save us
What are you, what are you
I pulled her close just to hold her tight and the both of us could tell it just felt right.
The ashes will burn, and wither away (wither away)
Work my kisses
Are you waiting for a sign to choose
Yet, yet, yet, no no Never made it as a wise man
to run and there went all our dreams
You can tie me to the bed
And I want to break his mind down
How can we just give in?
Yes, sir, yes, sir three bags full
Free from the slap that you go 2x
I thought it was the day I got, I want it all to go away
Sign a couple autographs
Give me lessons on how to breathe
Gotta run, gotta run Nowhere to hide 'cause someone's gotta find you
We shed a few more tears
I want you to make me,
Oh oh, oh oh
Just to get high (high) Tell me what did, where you gone and hid?
So far away, so far away
Doesn't matter when you'd rather
And it must have been so bad
Never again This time, this place misused, mistakes
Well, you can tie me to the bed
Just for looking at you
I love when she says, what's wrong with right here on the counter? Funky little monkey, she's a twisted trickster
And I hate the way you can't say "No" too many long lines in a row
'Cause life slips by without a warning
Well get you hands out of this glass, last call my ass
Oh god, I want to be that someone that you're with
Then we'd see the day when nobody died One step, two step, electric slide
Instead of being out with me, you must be out with them Well, I'd rather start off slow
To my baby yeah, my baby girl
all those lies you told me
She taste like the sunshine kissing me
We're gonna go until our legs give out
All night (All night)
Nobody wants to be the last one there
Than the scent of every flower in the desert, come on Pretty little lady with the pretty pink thong
He picked the nearest bank on main and 17th
Ooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh
You just betrayed us (You just betrayed) Committed to your task
Everything I wanna do. This world will never be what I expected
I fall in love and find my heart face down
Every A list player is a favorite friend
She must have done something wrong tonight
And we danced on into the night! (GUITAR INSTRUMENTAL) Like a gift from the heavens, it was easy to tell,
Make me believe again. Make me believe again
Before I turn around,
Cause I got off
What have you done?
Yeah everybody's been abandoned
I finally know just what it means to let someone in,
Out of the darkness and into the light
A million miles an hour When shadows all start breaking free
That it was Sunday and the god damn bank was closed
Everybody here keeps staring
That I love you, I have loved you all along
Unless I sing this song to you I'm dying to show you
They know your enemies
Keep breathing, 'cause I'm not leaving you anymore
I think I've handled more than any man can take
So we could end up staying
'Cause we're standing on the edge of a revolution Wall Street, common thief
Pressure is presently pushing down on me
We're smokin' dynamite
I love to try to set you free,
We could end up saying
While we Dance around this bedroom
I'll be your satellite Let's dance around this bedroom,
From underneath the covers
(Does this make me look fat?)
So we've been stealin' gasoline and laying low out on the backroads
In some kind of faith
In a house that's not a home From underneath the trees, we watch the sky
I'd lie, it's true
Yet suddenly we're travelling A million miles an hour
Won't buy this line you're selling
And I like the way you still say please while your lookin' up at me
Amen I, Amen I, Amen I, I'm alive And in the air the fireflies
I'd even cut my hair and change my name Cause we all just wanna be big rock stars
This time somebody's getting hurt There goes the next contestant She's got a dirty mouth, it tasted so clean with every taste of me.
Yeah, she tasted like home Oh well, home ain't what I'm callin'
Donate every dime you have?
Just not tough to put the brakes on,
The duller the knife, the longer it takes (the longer it takes)
This time somebody's getting hurt Here comes the next contestant
And we danced on into the night! 'Ay oh ay oh ay oh ay',
And I'm starting to regret not telling all of this to you. You're never gonna be alone!
Your very own lullaby Well everybody's hit the bottom
And how it's so bad, it's so bad It's too bad it's too bad
Yet, yet
Gotta get out
'Cause I'm feelin' way too damn good For forty eight hours
I want to sing this song to you
Make me believe again. Wake up
Gonna have to come after the rain Lookin' like another Bob Marley day
:Our voices rang like the angels sing.
Every memory of walkin' out the front door
Someone to love with my life in their hands
I could set this, I could set this You call to me, and I fall at your feet
And our voices rang like the angels sing.
It's hard to steer when you're breathing in my ear
Don't you wanna learn to deal with fear
'Cause I'm feelin' way too damn good Feelin' way too damn good Feelin' way too damn good I paid my last respects this mornin' on an early grave
Holding of your tongue
Over and over and over You seem to say your surprised
Not about to let you go
But all I need to do is carry on
Naming of your price
What do we want? We want the change
And teach me wrong from right
Stop thinkin' about the easy way out
And there's a tear that falls between the pages
Would you live each moment like your last?
Is this what you came for, well this means war Say anything you want
'Cause there's no one at home
Every second counts 'cause there's no second try
Tinker tailor, whatcha' got?
Stupid to think that I could blame it on the drink
Cause you can't rewind a moment in this life
Don't even try, 'cause you know you can't hide
You're just a child with a temper
Gonna date a centerfold that loves to
(the good times that you wreck)
I'm about to take it up a notch, so watch what I'm about to do. (You and me, sitting in a tree.
My baby, she's into everything I wanna do. If it was on TV, or ever in a magazine.
I know where she's been
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no no It's not like you didn't know that
There's gotta be somebody for me out there Tonight, out on the street, out in the moonlight
They won't find us
Too late, so wrong, so long
Always the worst thing for me When am I gonna learn
But I don't
Ahh-oh, ahh-ahh
And I just keep on trying, but I don't know what for
Still I hear you say you want to end your life
Her finger's on the trigger
Better bring your friend along,
Straight off the silver screen
Make me,
Every sugar daddy hittin' on her all night long
And let the whole world know it
Love her even though I'm not supposed to. Funky little monkey, she's a twisted trickster
No, we can't turn back, we can't turn away
So just close your eyes
F-U-C-K-I-N-G) And she likes to take her time.
'Cause nobody wants to go it on their own
Waiting for the chance
'Cause I have faith in you
And I've been wrong
Now it's too late to tell you
Big Apple is fantastic, but cuts you down to size. They'll treat you like a doormat, expecting you to fail.
Just to get high, (high)
It isn't the love of a hero
Singing Amen, I'm alive If everyone cared and nobody cried
Tonight I'm dying to tell you That trying not to love you, only went so far
It's a fifty fifty chance that they're
Your so much cooler when you never pull it out
When I found him in an alley in the middle of the night
If you're there, I don't even care which team won. We could stop at the coffee shop.
What are you waiting for wow? You gotta go and reach for the top
The First time,
That's what she wear
Yeah, argh
What's worth the prize is always worth the fight
She's just a woman, never again I hear her scream from down the hall
In the side of a bullet On the side of a bullet
Hammer down, grab a cup, bottoms up! This is what it's all about, no one can slow us down.
And now I dream about it
Always be there to lend a comforting shoulder
From this moment on, if you ever feel like letting go,
Trying not to need you, is tearing me apart
I could set this, I could set this
So hard to stay
Speed of fucking sound I like this everlasting pill
Everybody's got a drug dealer on speed dial, well
Lit a match and set his life on fire
Ya she'd even break a promise in the promised land
She cries to me go back to bed
What if we trade it all?
Ohh I know who you are
The only parking spot was half a bock away
You say the same things to me
Is the banner that you wave
Serving up the worst regret
(You naughty women)
To my baby yeah my baby girl
You brought the wolves right here
But years have come and gone
But momma always taught us never to tell a lie
Can't keep fed if I can't get paid
Gave us time to practice just exactly what to say
She's got ahold of me and ain't lettin' go She's gonna be my sex machine
Cause that's the one you really want.
(Your such a mover)
How could I affect the outcome?
I could set this, I could set this One step, two step, electric slide
I ain't going nowhere, no underwear
Shoulda told her to go, and I know it
I want you to make me
But nobody wants to wait
Like walking around with little wings on my shoes
And there ain't no healing
So I'm out on the couch this afternoon Beer bottles layin' on the kitchen floor
What are you, what are you waiting for? Tell me what your waiting for (Tell me what your waiting for)
But it depends which one I'm standing on I write lines down, then rip them up
It's the only way to LA that she knows
It gets a little better every time we're together
To kick out every light
Your life's a fucking fairy tale All of your life has been rambling, scurrying
Just how I wanted it, I'm hating all of this Well I'm hating, all of this
(Tell me what you want) I want a brand new house
Weeelllll no chain, no lock, and this train won't stop
Would you make your mark by mending a broken heart?
I know the one thing that would never change Every memory of lookin' out the back door
And they think we're both in pain
Tonight she'll find out how f***in' tough is this man
The piper blows his flute and off you go Is this obsession behind your eyes? (behind your eyes?)
We'll need to steal a car with windows tinted black
My baby, she's into everything I wanna do. So, what you wanna do?
Check out the trouble we're in
Reminisce old memories
Comes out wrong, it never comes out right So I say why don't you and I get together
High Tell me what you know! Tell me what you gone and done now!
The pain gets so much clearer
To take all that you've got and burn it on the spot
Are you waiting till the time is right?
'Cause we know they're all depending on mass confusion
Guess it turned out in the end
I want to be that someone that you're with
Are gonna have to come after the rain Spend your days happy and grateful
I won't do this anymore
The one with the loudest voice is really the one to follow
(Yes) sex is always the answer, it's never a question,
A heart worth breaking
(The world needs this) He's drunk again, it's time to fight
Doesn't care about the money she could be with anybody
This means war One more depending on a prayer
Nothing but shame and there's no where to run
Until the morning light.
Well there's no getting off
For ten plus me
Silver spoon at supper time
In the VIP with the movie stars
I haven't seen her since God knows when
Always face with reckless abandonment
I guess I'd rather be alone, in a house that's not a home I walk through the door and there's no light on anymore
Are gonna have to come after the rain Old mistakes committed upon us
Same old s***, just on a different night
And I was way too late Well, I'd rather start off slow
Criminal record says I broke in twice
Blow my money for me
Better run, better run, better run We're smokin' dynamite
Why do I feel like the fault is mine?
So I can eat my meals for free
A coward can save the day
'Cause you and I are tripping balls
I hope she's waiting back home
Way to sugar coated you were busy motorboatin'
Love her even though I'm not supposed to She keeps me up (I keep you up)
But you know, you know, you know I wanted, I wanted you to stay
Try and turn the tables
And dammit this feels too right, it's just like deja vu
Slight of hand and cheap disguise
I'll be your satellite. Dance around the moon,
'Cause it's time we all relied on the last solution
What if we, what if we, what if we What if we all stand up?
And I can't get enough of the things that she does She's gonna be my midnight queen
From the moment I wake up
Hotter then a barrel on a squeeze machine gun. And it turns out she's got everything I want, but all rolled into one.
It's like the bottom of the ninth
So I'll be waiting for the real thing, I'll know it by the feeling
Rain, yeah
The last time, the hands were just you and
Headline, New York Times
And we just go along
Find out just what would she say
I'll still follow you home (I'll still follow you home)
I chase this girl, a barefoot dare, baby She tastes like the sunshine kissing me
It wasn't that hard
Everyday I spend away, my soul's inside out,
'Cause you look so much cuter with something in your Time, is going by, so much faster than I,
Swear up and down to God above
(High, high)
I know you're wondering when Never made it as a wise man
Whisper things into my brain
Somewhere between Cher and
Oh oh, oh oh She's got me runnin' round and round Flo Rida girl, you got me runnin' round hey
I love you all over me.
I wish you'd unclench your fists
Should show you the sites
She's gonna climb all over me
What if the silent majority wasn't silent anymore? Hurry up, the world needs this
Daddy gonna buy you a diamond ring Oh, it must be nice
Lookin' back each time they tried to tell me
I'll still follow you home C'mon, mmm, oh (You can dig me up a grave
So I'll be holding my breath, could this be the end
And I'm down with hanging out this afternoon We got weeds in the backyard four feet tall
Get me a key
To make you feel like it's not too late, it's never too late Even if I say it'll be alright
The first words that come out
Ahold of my eyes
Never again Father's a name you haven't earned yet
Pulls the trigger fast as she can, never again Seen it before but not like this
So easy to say
Water ahead 'cause I can (gotta run) hear it in the distance
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I wanted no one else
And we shouldn't be alive at the speeds we were driving
While you're passed out on the deck
And tell my parents that I'm dead
Better be boss like the Kennedy's
From underneath the covers say, I wanna meet your mother
Tell me what you know! Tell me what you gone and done now!
Don't let it slip away,
Don't they know it's never gonna work?
Since I prefer to follow
We'll need the gloves, we'll need the bags a couple masks
This life hasn't turned out
Give me just one wish If I could give it all away
I think the fruit is rotten
She didn't make it this far by just shakin' hands She'll shake her money maker twice as hard as anyone can
Every good thing will come in moderation
I'll be your satellite
Drove by the bank a dozen times this afternoon
Leave old pictures in the past
Hey, hey, I want to be a rock star I'm gonna sing those songs
Amazing she can even talk at all
Dressed up like a princess
Now and again we try to just stay alive
You just betrayed us (You just betrayed) You just betray
Before this fades away,
And pretended not to know
You know we'll be flying private as long as I can be the pilot baby Your touch has made me a believer
Scattering leaves to try and cover up the footprints
I could throw it in the river and watch it sink in slowly
Is it that moment when, I find the one that I'll spend forever with 'Cause nobody wants to be the last one there
I'd do it today, I wish I could
(You're the only one who knows that)
You can't hide from the explosion
And I'm starting to regret not spending all of it with you.
And they still carry on
That always taste the same (Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
They're cool but twice as crazy
Keep up with what you're doing
On these hands and knees I'm crawlin'
Trying to breathe when everybody's right behind you
"Freedom" scribbled on your sign
Talkin' a hundred miles an hour
Got your hand between my knees
We barely get by but have the best times
That make me want to stay
Let's dance around this bedroom,
Jukebox crankin' out the CCR
I've got no one to blame for the shame
She's got a fast car, hotter than a dance bar.
I miss you so, so, I do After dark, laughin' in the rain
Repeating myself, but you don't hear me I can see what you see
The only thing you brought is psychological warfare
I like the dirt that's on your knees
And every penny i had always turned into twenty
There's no ending it so baby come on
Cause the answer's yes, oh the answer's (yes)
The universe just started slowing down
If Hollywood had called her she'd be gone before your holler, come on Pretty little lady with the pretty pink thong
She keeps me up (I keep you up)
Baiting every hook with filthy lies
Yeah, just sitting around hanging out this afternoon Don't wanna wristwatch or an alarm clock
It gets a little better
All night (All night) I need her so bad,
Reality is getting thin
Were melted to the bone But I can still remember what his face looked like
And I don't wanna wait
You're better off
Could pull somebody through it
With every drink they buy her
(Got kingdom come, on the run)
For what, for what, for what, for what?
In God we trust or the CIA?
She didn't make it this far by just shakin' hands (Hey, hey) I doubt she'd even let the devil buy her little black book
God damn it, it's a fast one Nowhere to hide cause someone's gotta find you
Wonder if I'll ever have it under my tongue?
How did we get so far from the ground?
But nobody wants to be saved
(I'll have the quesadilla) I'm gonna dress my ass
Why have they come?
It was love from above that could save me from hell.
(...to take away somebody's life?
Tough to keep it all a secret when you're one of the best
Anything to dance on.
But I got both hands on the wheel while you got both hands on my gears
It's never too late Maybe we'll turn it around 'cause it's not too late
Ooooohhhhhhh Ticking like a time bomb, drinking till the nights gone
You shake that a** around for everyone
The backyard fires on
The city lights are glowin' over the hill
Are we having fun yet? Yeah, yeah, yeah, no no
I'd chase this girl like Belvedere
And, oh, I scream for you come please,
All of this, all of this
Another wave is coming in A million miles an hour
And as you pulled me near, whispered in my ear, don't ever let it end. Don't let it end.
'Cause without you they're never gonna let me in Slowly I begin to realize
Believe it, hold on to me and
And I love the way you can't say no to many long lines in a row
Grant the wish I wish tonight
I miss you so All of your life has been rambling, scurrying
But a handful becomes a lighthouse
For all the wrong reasons I reside in 209, you're in 208
Looks just like a sticker on a new Ferrari.
Except a little turpentine inside of those five paint cans
Then go ahead and kiss the ground
Never before have I ever seen it this bad
(Now and then, you wonder why) I like the freckles on your chest
Gonna sing the song we've all heard, about those two young friends who should have fell in love. Later on we'll cut through the park.
And if you're out there with him somewhere, and just about to kiss
Get in, just get in
Drink everything in sight
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey What do we want? We want the change
Red fish, blue fish, blow your mind
Keep it going all night.
Drinkin' every drop until it all runs out.
I don't remember them being there before
And we sang to the wind as we danced through the night. And we sang 'ay oh ay oh ay oh ay'
So keep breathing, 'cause I'm not leaving
You never know where life's gonna go, because we're the only ones who will ever know. About Sunday night, just her and I.
She bought a couple rounds and I got the feeling, she could really handle alcohol. Another one down and headed off the deep end.
Water ahead 'cause I can hear it in the distance
(Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
She'd be pissed if she could see the parts of you
:And we danced on into the night].
It's right out there in the waiting room with those hands
Every girl we were with never cost any money
But if there's a pill to help me forget,
Just sitting around
'Cause without you they're never gonna let me in "No" is a dirty word ,
Would you find that one you're dreamin' of?
Had a few, to Suzy Q this afternoon You better hang on if your taggin' along
And put the salt on her hips
The latest epidemic, reality TV. You'll be on TV when it starts to snow in hell.
And I like the way your not impressed while you put em to the test
I'm hating, all of this
Not fooled by your misleadings
East Coast takes the cocaine, West Coast marijuana.
She had fire in her soul, it was easy to see
Everywhere she goes there's an instant party.
But you weren't there
And a bathroom I can play baseball in
See no signs of ever coming down
Then we'd see the day when nobody died Then we'd see the day, we'd see the day
I hate the powder on your nose [CHORUS] Head high, protest line
Revolution, revolution, revolution No, we won't give up, we won't go away
If tonight's our time to go, the one thing I know
(Ay oh ay oh' x2)
And the story goes on
Get 'em get 'em up The fresh restored mustang small block 302
To an all out gunfight And the only thing to save
The life we had won't be ours again This world will never be what I expected
Too many fuses to light
Maybe a little too well
Like tonight's our only night
And then we do it all again
Cheech and Chong probably would of smoked 'em all
'Cause nobody wants to be the last one there
Instead of a Hollywood horror Nothing's wrong just as long as you know that someday I will Someday, somehow
Rain
I'll still follow you home You can make a couple calls
There's somebody else that feels the same somewhere
You're never gonna be alone!
Every time I do it makes me laugh
Lord, I love the memories we've made
You know that every single thing she does.
but is it worth it to me?
Is this what you came for, well this means war And the only thing to save
Trying not to need you, was tearing me apart
Avoid the taste of wanting and wasteful
Drinkin' every drop until it all runs out. This is what it's all about, no one can slow us down.
We just got high and hopin' no one can tell
I guess I stuck around so I could watch us fight
(Runnin' and runnin' and runnin' and)
This time I'm mistaken
Your life's a goddamn fairy tale
The floor is floating underneath
Better all together than just one at a time. S is for the simple need.
Get in, just get in There's clothes all over the floor
That I begged here to fly here and see me
'Cause it's on everybody's faces Funky little monkey, she's a twisted trickster
To turn this thing back on I wanna cover you with jello in the tub
I just love being with my friends
Time to say it
How can we fall asleep at night
There's gotta be somebody for me, oh Nobody wants to go it on their own
Then it's always yes, yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah
And I love the way you can't say "No" too many long lines in a row
And don't you hesitate
She tastes like the sunshine kissing me
And then we do it all again Just sitting around, hangin' out this afternoon Landlord says I should buy a tent
I'm gonna be there always,
Lookin' just as sweet as he can, never again Seen it before but not like this
Ya he loves his little naughty wicked witch of the west Far too pretty to be giving it cheap
Found out he pulled a knife, on someone's wife
While your waiting it's the time you lose
At thirty-seven thousand feet
I'll hold on to the wings of the eagles
I thought it through
All night (All night) She keeps me up (I keep you up)
What are you waiting for wow
It didn't matter what they said
What if the silent majority wasn't silent anymore? A candle's the smallest light
You can be my whole world
Heading for the dark side of the moon
I guess it wasn't meant to be
Just kicking around, hanging out this afternoon
We're just a couple of animals So come on baby, get in
It was given to me by her
Somebody call my mom and tell her I ain't coming home
Play it for the world, but it won't mean much
I'll hold you 'till the hurt is gone. And now, as long as I can, I'm holding on with both hands,
These five words in my head
Right when I needed you the most
Standing on the edge of a revolution What do we want? We want change
When you said you'd had enough
I thought I had the time to wait
But neither one is faster then falling to your knees. Money leads to fame and fame is the disease.
Keep up with what you doing
I'd do it just for one more day
Dance around this room,
'Cause with you, I'd withstand
And we can make it, but we take the chance of never coming back home The dice that we've been rollin'
And ride me up and down the lawn Yeah,
I know you're wondering when Well, I'd hope that since we're here anyway
We've got no fear, no doubt, all in balls out We're going out tonight
(Runnin' and runnin' and runnin' and) Flo Rida, girl you got me runnin' round
Always
And that was when she started screamin'
That's, that's, that's when we all win Don't let it end.
It's like there's nothing left of it
And I love the way you pass the check
My baby, she's into everything I wanna do. And she knows every spot.
I love the powder on your nose Ouh, and now I know who you are
Ended the swamp
You know, she's got everything I want, but all rolled into one.
A tiny church a tiny town and not a tear was spent
They' re closin' in around her
As I tried to tell her dad it was her mouth that I was kissing
Play it for the world, but it won't mean much I could set this song on fire, send it up in smoke
Needs to hit the big screen and shoot a little love scene
To this day we all sit around
Reach for the sky
How could you be so full of hate?
While we burn it to the ground tonight
as we all fly away This time, I wonder what it feels like
These city walls ain't got no love for me
Leave no stone unturned, leave your fears behind
We must stand together
Lord, I gotta fight one
On that blonde girl
I'd crawl across this world for you,
I've got to be that someone that you're with
Silence the noise
Give my life for you,
It's too bad it's too bad
Seen it before but not like this
Your love is all I ever needed
We want your cash open the safe get off the phone
(I miss you)I miss you so much
im Alone in a room with these taunted sheets I can see what you see
You know I'd always come for you I was blindfolded, but now I'm seeing,
Just one chance, just one breath
Been there before but not like this
Is that your hand on my girlfriend?
She's gonna be my midnight queen
Leaving your bones out on the stones, picking them clean (picking them clean)
Can't see the silver lining, from down here on the floor
All the things I left unsaid
Looking like a rock star, and she likes to go out and She likes to get her hands up.
We ain't gonna stop until they throw us all out.
Call it a mistake
Your voice sounds so hollow I am not a leader of men
Because the angel on my right ain't hanging out with me tonight
Our only light in paradise
What in God's name have you done? You just betrayed us (You just betrayed us)
Payment for the sacrifice Demon in your ear
To feed the machine (Hey, hey) She had her eyes on the prize as the girl next door
And we just started getting busy
(What are you) What are you waiting for wow?
There ain't a woman on the planet who can deal with it
I see right trough you this time
The particles are dancing all around
I love the powder on your nose [CHORUS]
And carving the truth, while harvesting you to feed the machine (to feed the machine) The gears forever turn to grind the mice
My own star on Hollywood Boulevard
And hope it never ends
More then fortunate, form of torture.
Let's walk
Cause living with him must have
(So how you gonna do it?) I'm gonna trade this life for fortune and fame
'Cause without you they're never gonna let me in So I say why don't you and I get together
Yes I do And I want to rip his heart out
What are you, what are you?
'Cause you look so much cuter with something in your mouth Crafty little lip tricks
I couldn't cut it as
And I say, "Oh, here we go again, oh" Every time I try to talk to you I get tongue-tied
How the devil himself could be pulled out of me. There were drums in the air as she started to dance,
She didn't make it this far by just shakin' hands Someone spilled the beans and now her name's in the press
I'll be your satellite Dance with me around the moon,
Your life's a goddamn fairy tale Oh, it must be nice
Yeah, you know I feel the same way, because I told you drunk on my birthday.
Every asshole coming on to her
No one but you, yes, I'd come for you
Get grandpa's shotgun and we'll all take turns
Now I did, you wonder why
She's a scene from a bay watch rerun.
The things that she does, alright
The next line I write down
You know I'd always come for you You know I'd always come for you No matter what gets in my way
I'll watch you leave here limping
Let's rewrite an ending that fits
Then we can do it 'till the batteries are done
So don't you let me down
And everyone wants to know they're not alone
Here and now, this I vow By now you know that I'd come for you
We still got clothing on our backs
Yeah, yeah, no, no I know it's late but something's on my mind
Twisted so tightly, and sorted so carefully
I'm tellin' you that it's never that bad
Don't ever let it end. Greatest times we ever had, the crazy nights just looking back and laugh.
I wanna go so long your parents think you've died
'Cause I can't get you on the telephone
Get washed-up singers writing all my songs
And I love the places that we go
Anything to stand on.
How could anyone ask for more?
Remember to breathe or else you're gonna be sorry
God, I want to be that someone that you're with Well, I hear your favorite songs you sing along with everyday
Me and all my friends
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no no Never made it as a wise man
Don't ever let it end. Left on an east-bound train
Serpents love the circumstance
And I hate the way you can' say no to many long lines in a row
And I'll leave this life behind me
Sometimes I feel like I can taste it
This is never gonna end
I know that you can carry on
We're sitting in the back
That you're gonna make it through another night
I could set this song on fire Light this old guitar on fire, I'd still hear the notes
So I just woke up from a dream today
You wonder why you've ever failed
A thousand fahrenheit
She didn't make it this far by just shakin' hands. Never made it as a wise man
Help me to see again
May be our only one, what if tomorrow never comes?
When something's clearly wrong
I guess I'd rather be alone
You're like my favorite damn disease And I love the places that we go
Regret life since the day he met you
Although I'm sure you tried
She smokes a little home grown, drinks a little Cuervo.
If today was your last day How the hell'd we wind up like this
We gotta make love just one last time in the shower
You're noose is waiting (no need to wait)
Another charlatan to idolize Is this suppression just in my mind? (just in my mind?)
Make me believe again. I can't pretend,
I got the car door opened up so you can jump in on the run
Just in case there's just one left
I'd fall to pieces if I went anywhere without her
I'll be your satellite. Do you recall how long it must have been
Then get down
Show me what your aiming for (Show me what your aiming for)
Time gone by but you still look the same
And dammit I knew the second that you came up
When nobody died
Yes I do Well, I wanted you
Unless I sing this song to you I could set this song on fire
Every Playboy bunny in her bleach blond hair, and we'll
How can we fall asleep at night?
To get much higher Tell your friends not to think aloud
Loaded hidden under the bar
No one can divide us
I've gotta stay awake some how I never wanna have to slow down
Plannin' to jump me
It's hard to say it
Who takes the blame?
But only if you told me to
Last night I heard your key, it hit your lock at four AM
I'll still follow you home
Don't you wanna take the wheel and steer
I never knew we ever went without
Of finding yourself stuck out on the ledge
No, no matter where we go
"God, why'd you let him do it?" How could you let him do it?
It happens every night she works
And hope to hell I'm never found
And still I don't understand Well, now I guess I should've listened
Oh please, the keys, they're not in the ignition
I'm cutting to the front of the line
It's so bad
I'm callin' and all I need from you, hurry, I'm fallin', I'm fallin' Show me what it's like
I keep dreaming you'll be with me and you'll never go
Stand up and bow
You know I'd always come for you. I went out on the town with a friend last weekend.
Impossible describing love I could set this song on fire, send it up in smoke
Slap John Deere across my ass
(Let's talk) Father's hands are lined with guilt
But I'm addicted to the red light show
Must have known all along that I was wrong
If today was your last day Wake up, my baby still look amazing with no make-up
Never gonna say it first,
You won't believe me, so go and see it for yourself. From Mexico to New York.
Well, I miss
You can steal me the keys
And suddenly we're travelling A million miles an hour
She's more than worth it
My misses still eat McDonald's taste delicious
Into the bottom of every bottle
Why must the weakest be sacrificed?
Blondes from California.
If today was your last day
I could set this song on fire
I ain't going nowhere
So I'll be holding my breath, right up 'til the end
But I still want to be that someone that you're with
Tired of this lie you're telling I won't
So live like you'll never live it twice
Your life's a goddamn fairy tale Suzie steamboat, you're so fine
Hanging out this afternoon You better hang on if your taggin' along
Every time we're together Cause you shoulda seen the size of the guy's we've been fightin'
No, I don't No, I don't find faith in your false feelings
Say it for me, say it to me
And no excuse that you could use
But here's a shotgun
It's just too bad it's just another dream
I can't pretend,
My stomach's filled with the butterflies
If they all tried coming on to her
She'll be the talk of the town. You know, she's got everything I want, but all rolled into one.
And I love the good times that you wreck
'Cause I'm sure that I said that I would
We're getting ready for the next go round
Leave me here to die alone, but
He stole his uncle's 44 last Friday night
And still I don't understand Oh, and now I guess I should've listened
And carving the truth, while harvesting you to feed the machine (to feed the machine)
All of hell to hold your hand
Singin' 'ay oh ay oh ay oh ay',
We'll all be dead if the shit don't change
You got to get a little dirty when you're digging for gold (Hey, hey) Well she ain't no Cinderella when she's getting undressed
(What made you think you had the right...)
But don't you ever say a word
There's no getting even
Too long, too late, who was I to make you wait?
Make me Make me believe again
It's not too late, it's never too late I feel it, this tention inside of me
I'm screamin' No, we're never gonna quit
Palm inside your master plan Demon in your ear
Water ahead because I can hear it in the distance I'm running for the river
To your daddy's Cadillac
And I'm never gonna win
And found himself alone
I felt like shit when I woke up this morning He was my best friend, I tried to help him
And nothing I can do, without thinking of you
And if there's something wrong who would have guessed it?
You just betray
A ticket to life as the mother once told me
Hey, hey, I want to be a rock star This time, this place misused, mistakes
Like it's the only one, what if tomorrow never comes?
This whole thing's like some sort of race
You can't erase
She's got me runnin' round and round I want take his eyes out
You brought the kiss of death You just betrayed us (You just betrayed us)
God, I want to be that someone that you're with Well, somewhere the one I want to be with's with somebody else
Describing love can't be this tough I could set this song on fire, send it up in smoke
The main street's dying down
But a lineup formed outside your door
Let's walk, let's talk
When it shows up, (make sure you're holding on)
I'm gonna make it alright but not right now
For a battle that you can't win
Leave us a coin for the ferryman One for the road and one for those in heaven
Can't wait till they get what they deserve
When you're walking through the fire for fun
Kiss it goodbye. From Mexico to New York.
No underwear, that's what she wears
You only living once so tell me
We got it lined up, shot down, firing back straight crown We're going out tonight
On the side of a bullet I judge by what she's wearing
Just like a paperback novel
Too bad we didn't see the cops across the street
I felt like shit when I woke up this morning I've been a loser all my life, I'm not about to change
Lip sync 'em every night so I don't get 'em wrong Well, we all just want to be big rock stars
With these broken wings I'm fallin' and all I see is you
And it's alright Bouncing round from cloud to cloud
But she sure loves a sucker
Primadonna, not this one, so I guess she'll get it
Confusing stars for satellites
When the light is leading on
I'm driving past your house while you were sneaking out
Where the hell's my credit cards, why's my wallet in the yard
Your secret's safe with the NSA
That offend the censors
Off of assholes keep coming on to her
Not to hear what they said to me
You've gotta live every single day,
('Ay oh ay oh')
Oh, Oh
"No" is just a thought that never crosses my mind.
I know if not for you there's nothing I could do to ever let it end.
All I need is you, come please, I'm callin'
Don't let it end.
Lot's better now than it was back then
your like my favorite damn disease
Luck of the draw
What are you waiting for wow oh You gotta go and reach for the top
They'll get you anything with that evil smile
And then we do it all again Just kicking around, hanging out this afternoon
I want you naked with your favorite heels on
I've gotta stay awake some how Funky little monkey, she's a twisted trickster
The cops hated us hangin' out
Finger on the trigger, loaded bullet
In 3, 2, 1 We're smokin' dynamite
For handing you
Yet, yet, yet, no no
Why must love be so tough Well, now I guess I should've listened
We're gonna take the world on
The girls come easy and the drugs come cheap
Hotter then a barrel on a squeeze machine gun. Well, she can get it lower then a Maserati.
I was so nervous that I nearly missed
What you really want, was it what you got?
Are we having fun yet?
Why weren't we able
If you don't like, there's the door, nobody made you stay
Just for hurting you
What a perfect misses
And now I know who you are
Just how many heads I'm tearing
'Cause I'm feelin' way too damn good Feelin' way too damn good I missed you so much
With something in your mouth (You naughty thing)
Everything I wanna do.
Since any room held only you and me?
Don't be surprised when you swallow your pride.
That first step you take is the longest stride If today was your last day
I got the feeling like I'm never gonna come down
And I can see this song will be about you
And a big black jet with a bedroom in it
Silver heart locket on a chain
I got caught up
[SAME TIME:
So many lives are broken
Six feet away, they heard him say
But until you have some, it's like a weapon.
I just feel like I'm constantly dreaming
But now that you're here
We can roll around for hours without ever comin' up
We're drinking black tooth, eighty proof, straight gasoline.
Smell of perfume is in here, why's lipstick on the mirror
There's gotta be somebody for me like that
We're gonna love it when the lights go down
You just betrayed us (You just betrayed) What have you caved?
Never gonna catch me
One week, the time it took you to tell me that you love me
I'll still follow you home Uncle Sam taught him to shoot
And she likes to touch and tease.
That's when you turn around, wind up yelling When am I gonna learn
E is for the ecstasy.
Make me
They'll never catch me Tell your friends not to think aloud
And if I don't belong Even if I say it'll be alright
She could take the fantasy and make it a reality.
Please let me take you
'Cause without you they're never gonna let me in When's this fever gonna break?
No I don't mind keeping this bottled inside me
Future burning bright The ceiling has us mesmerised
I call out your name, it does no good
When will it be your turn
So grab a Jim Beam, JD, whatever you need.
This evil romance
So what you really waiting for? (So what you really waiting for?) Tell me what your waiting for (Tell me what your waiting for)
What are you, what are you waiting for? You gotta go and reach for the top
Screamin' This is a robbery now get down on the floor
Yeah-ah, yeah She says I'm only telling half of it
'Cause you finally said that you would
So don't ever never stop
And if you're out there with him somewhere and just about to kiss
Water ahead 'cause I can hear it in the distance (gotta run, gotta run) I'm running for the river
I can finally hear the speed of sound
Must have took a while to find the words 'cause she cut me off and finally said it first. Well, I'm tired of pretending, but I'm terrified of it ending.
For all intents and purposes there ain't nobody home
Each night seems like it's getting worse
And make fun of the cops in the parking lot.
For all the wrong reasons Well, you know my friends
And I want to rip his heart out
And when I heard you let him die
If you could say the words
(Get back in line! Get back in line!)
Take on the world and be together forever
Do anything you want me to
Before it's too late
Then we'd see the day when nobody died
Yeah, yeah, yeah Yes! I miss you
God knows I haven't found it yet
She's just a woman, never again Seen it before but not like this
And if you suddenly have the urge
It's never too late No one will ever see this side reflected
A brand new yacht and a finders fee
Get in, just get in Lying awake, did it again for Christ sake
It's too bad we had no time to rewind
'Cause she's waiting back home
Standing on the edge of a revolution Just one more moment, that's all that's needed,
I wish you'd do it again
'Bout to kick it around
To Hell with all the blame.
Not how I wanted it, I'm hating all of this Well I'm hating, all of this
Just got my license back
I get sick and tired of
Speak up now or we can pick up the pieces
I cut off my own friends
If everyone cared and nobody cried
So hard to swallow So turn the television off
So we can do it all again It's not the human walk
Take the hourglass and drop it
And try and stick me in the ground
Everything you want, anything at all, everything you want.
Ten feet tall and fucking bulletproof
We'll need a coin for the ferryman
She was supposed to be like Hugh Hef
God, I miss the glory days
I miss their faces
So if I haven't yet, I've gotta let you know You're never gonna be alone!
And carving the truth, while harvesting you to feed the machine (to feed the machine) Why must the blind always lead the blind?
My buddy Bradley's in the middle
Cause forever I believe that there's nothing I could need but you,
And I like the way you like me best
Take back all that he took from you
Tell em that you tried, but you're never gonna catch me Let out the hounds
Looking back, they're better than they used to be Cause you shoulda seen the size of the guy's we've been fightin'
If I said I didn't like it then you'd know I'd lie Every time I try to talk to you I get tongue-tied
Birthday cake, wanna grant my wishes
You know you gotta give it your all
Don't remember them being here before
I swear she smells just like a flower
What my kisses, what my pictures
Get up, and go out
I miss you
Hurry up, the world needs this (the world needs this)
The Hollywood pose, teeth, tits, and toes
all those lies told me
Kiss it goodbye. Well, you can dig me up a grave
Every single day,
And you control how fast we go by just how hard you wanna squeeze
It's too late, so wrong, so long
And all I hear about
But just like a heartbeat
I hate the powder on your nose Ouh and now I know who you are
We said someday we'd find out how it feels
With the latest fashion
From long days in the field
Wheels on the bus are falling off Pretty maids all in a row
They tore that building down
Don't take the free ride in your own life If today was your last day
I wanna do it 'till we're both about to drop
Make me believe again,
Was living for the fun taking over
I said I love you and
Watch as we all fly away Someone told me love would all save us
She's a giver and it gets her off.
So I'm starting to regret not telling all of it to you.
When a voice from behind me, that was fighting back tears
Yeah,
I love my hands around your neck [CHORUS] I like your pants around your feet
It's time to run when you see him clenching his hands
Received and sending back to me
Fly to the moon and straight on to heaven
(Now and then, you wonder why)
Sitting side by side in the full moon light.
I guess they knew that she was missing
Choose your friends, carefree and kindly
There doesn't ever have to be disaster
No, we won't lay down and accept this fate
To make sure we're alive
That I've been kissing
Every dance floor like shes the only one
If I was them, I wouldn't let me in
Just to figure you out
He said each day's a gift and not a given right
Will you become the fuel for sacrifice?
We made it out
'Cause you know momma's gonna hate that The dice that we've been rollin'
Take anything that we want
Why's this happening to me, why'd you take both sets of keys
If we take 'em all back we can buy some more
And it wanted to me
And this is how you remind me
It's never too late The world we knew won't come back
No more high school grounds
And now the ring is on my hand
Over and over and over I get sick and tired of
Insanity is setting in
And everyone wants to feel like someone cares
The things that she does, alright And I can't get enough of the things that she does
City Hall would probably fall if anyone got a look
A poor man stealing
Give my life for you
To sing to more than just a steering wheel Kim's the first girl I kissed
I'd give it all I'd give for us
Every day I'm losing my breath
But he can kiss my ass 'cause I paid the rent
I'll hold you 'till the hurt is gone Oh,
Tell you what I never told ya
Turn off your phone so no one calls
Baby She tastes like the sunshine kissing me
That far away
Jealousy behind your mask
We realize how small we are
I don't think that we left my hotel room
So lost inside seeing them
And we stop telling tales of how life used to be
'Cause something's gotta go wrong
Bet you wish you heard about it.
Kickin' your a** would be a pleasure He's drunk again, it's time to fight
Good bye, good bye, good bye I miss that town
To spend each day in paradise
Gone for good, and this is it I like your pants around your feet
It felt so good I almost drove into the ditch
Gun would do the trick, get it over with
I can see the future burning bright
If anybody gets out of line There's other places that are better to go
But I won't do this anymore
Cutting the night for us, for us, for us, for us
And we could laugh as we both pretend that we're not in love and that we're just good friends. Well, I'm tired of pretending, but I'm terrified of it ending.
One for the lord and take it from the devil
Then we'd see the day when nobody died And as we lie beneath the stars
She looked at me in the sweetest way.
You're like my favorite damn disease And I hate the places that we go
So do whatever it takes
This could end happily ever after
Well honey here comes a lullaby
What are you waiting for wow oh (oh oh oh)
And tease them all by sucking on your thumb Your so much cooler when you never pull it out
Hammer down, grab a cup, bottoms up! 'Nother round, fill 'er up,
'Cause I needed, I need to hear you say
And I'm tired of ignoring all the space that's between you and I
Drown the melody in water, I'd still hear its ghost
Heads we will, tails we'll try again So I say why don't you and I hold each other
She responds to me like, "Hugh Heff?"
Is finding time to finally breathe
just to figure you out
Round and round we go So shut the windows, lock the doors, unplug the phone
Are we having fun yet? Yeah, yeah, yet, no no
You can sing along I touch your hand, I touch your face
It's tough to see through bullshit when it's up above your eyes. Kiss is goodbye, Stealing comes with practice, lying comes with ease.
Singing Amen, I, I'm alive If everyone cared and nobody cried
'Cause I hate to be alone
Felt so real to have you back with me
And we danced on into the night! She's got me nervous
I have the photo album spread out on my bedroom floor
If you could take my hand,
'Cause she's what everybody chases
Well pictures fade and silver turns to grey
Why's the room still spinning just the same?
And she's always threatening, to be the death of me. (You and me, sitting in a tree.
Look at the trouble we're in We were parked out by the tracks
Let's talk How could this affect my life?
I'm on the ledge of the eighteenth story
Says right across your forehead, integrity for sale. You'll be on TV when it starts to snow in hell.
Says that we can't live without it
Just what to do
But don't think it's too late Nothing's wrong just as long as you know that someday I will Someday, somehow
Sing it with somebody else, but we'd be out of tune
But talk will get you nowhere
There's gotta be somebody for me out there Prison gates won't open up for me
Standing on the edge of a revolution Same shit, different day
Of what I really am It's not like you to say sorry
'Ay oh ay oh ay oh ay'.
She'd be swinging around.
And tease them all by sucking on your thumb (You naughty thing)
Didn't take her long to leave the boulevard
Now I know why
Then we're never gonna stop I wanna go until the neighbors all complain
Ooooohhhhh
And I love the good times that you wreck (The good times that you wreck) And I love your lack of self respect
But you went and brought a knife
Somebody's grabbing her ass
Hire eight body guards that love to beat up assholes
There goes the next contestant I'm hating what she's wearing
Darcy's lookin' out the window
The moment we rolled back waiting
And every time I try to laugh it off
How can we just give up?
As we lift off into the sky
So if you're out there barely hangin', on Just give it one more try
I'm running for the river
To be the last one standing
And live in hilltop houses driving fifteen cars
How could you put us through it?
But the stories carry on
And I have left alone everything that I own
It starts to sting as it starts to swell
Pieces are in place
Hammer down, grab a cup, bottoms up! Ooh, bottoms up. This is what it's all about, no one can slow us down.
I'll be your satellite I cant believe that days took into years
And held it to her throat But I can still remember what his face looked like
Go on, go on