Since, I don't know when
It would only take a minute to turn back the clock
I'll find a place to rest my spirit if I can
I'll be sitting drawing pictures in the sand
When they stopped to make their play
Said pardon me, Mister Steamdrill I suppose you didn't hear me.
At an old saloon on a street of mud
Drain the bogs and spade the turf To see again the thatching
Where the angels wait to join us
There's another meeting place somewhere in Heaven
I'll fly away. Well, you wonder why I always dress in black,
And everything else I leave behind
In the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore We shall meet on the beautiful shore
She only turned her head away
We're learning pretty well too,
And there's forty shades of green Green, green, forty shades of green I wish that I could spend an hour
And He talks with me [Chorus] Come all you rounders if you want to hear the story about a brave engineer
I'd be carrying the pots you made
She went where she was sent by Uncle Sam She waved from our ships upon the Briny foam
I have come in search of Jesus, hoping he will understand I had a woman once; she was kind, and she was gentle
And especially for one fella.
He was here to take an outlaw back alive or maybe dead
Swing low, sweet chariot
Cadallic
Love is a temple
I'll make you a believer I will deliver
My daddy was a poor hard working Saginaw fisherman
Well, now they're comin' for to carry me home I hear the train a comin'
Learn to hoist a jack and learn to lay a track learn to pick and shovel too
Yes I'm in need of something
'Cause to type it up it took the whole staff
Nobody knows, nobody sees
But I find a darkened corner
When she blows up she'll scatter cross the hills Lord, Lord
Casey Jones climbed in the cabin If I were a carpenter
Like a fiend with his dope,
Diamondtina
the devil's right hand, the devil's right hand
Oh Danny Boy, oh Danny Boy, I love you so But if you come, and all the flowers are dying
I wrote a letter to my Uncle Thud
Waterville
He said "Can you swing a hammer" He said "do anything you hire me to." "Now ain't you something! So high and mighty with all that muscle!"
With His manna He my hungry soul shall fill And then sweeping up to glory to see His blessed face
Believen' that we all were on their side. Well, there's things that never will be right I know,
Were you there when they laid Him in the tomb? Well, were you there when the stone was rolled away?
Just like you
He was vicious and a killer, though a youth of twenty four
Would you marry me anyway
And I rode away on the Tennessee Stud The Tennessee Stud was long and lean
Loads a mite slow and i soon found out
It stopped short, never to go again
Is scandalized throughout the land
I found that girl with the golden hair
Springfield
A million miles away
Let my flag wave proudly to the people that I serve.
But I busted a chair right across his teeth
He climbed in the cabin with his orders in his hand
Some sunny day Now this here's a story about the Rock Island Line
I'll make you a believer Take second best
Now gettin' caught meant gettin' fired
I can hoist a jack and I can lay a track I can pick and shovel too.
I've been in my mind, it's such a fine line
And the south wind blew hard on that ragged old flag On Flanders field in World War one
They're teaching us a lesson today,
"Come here Paulie Ann, come here sugar.
Now you gonna die!"
Oskaloussa
In the sweet by and by If you're travelin' in the north country fair
That was worth love from you
My dreams and plans were all scattered in the wind
If your goin' to Winnemucca, Mack with me you can ride
I'm just going over home On the road again
While I live by faith and do His blessed will
But He bids me go, through the voice of woe
Each week we lose a hundred fine young men. And, I wear it for the thousands who have died,
And a little horse colt playing 'round the door
If I give my soul to Jesus, will she take me back again? If I give my soul to Jesus, will she take me back again? We'll meet again
It stopped, short never to go again
He came riding from the south side, slowly lookin' all around
It seems I had to fight my whole life through
That as you saw me go
And that's what tortures me Well, if they freed me from this prison
But only twenty-seven lived,
He come up with a knife and cut off a piece of my ear
They're about to drag me down I got stripes, stripes around my shoulders
Goin' places that I've never been
But the big stuff we snuck out in my buddy's mobile home. Now, up to now my plan went all right
And I stopped beside a Sunday school
There's a big tollgate down there and you know
Rose of my heart. So hard times or easy times, what do I care,
Keep on smilin' through
And he walks with me
In that train forevermore Oh, Blessed Savior, Thou will guide us
A pistol pumpin', steel belted cavalry.
Sat a boy and his guitar, and the people came from miles around.
Because you're mine, I walk the line I find it very, very easy to be true
Was a grave for Ira Hayes. Call him drunken Ira Hayes,
I said, I think it is
None other has ever known He speaks and the sound of His voice
One life with each other
And them chains, them chains,
And a mill wheel grinding
Mama said the pistol is the devil's right hand
No one dared to ask his business, no one dared to make a slip
There at a table, dealing stud
We gotta head for higher ground
And all my loved ones who've gone on
North bound train on a southbound track
Within my heart is ringing
Nebraska
The stranger there among them had a big iron on his hip,
And will love you for your life
Oh lamb of God I come I come Just as I am and waiting not
Don't ever play with guns" But I shot a man in Reno
One life but we're not the same
She used to love me a lot She looked lonely and I knew the cure
She used to love me a lot I sat down beside her and she smiled
They're about to drag me down Hey, this microphone's got a screw loose here
I found her trail in Memphis, but she just walked up the block.
I thought I was her daddy but she had five more. When I was arrested I was dressed in black
My lucky graveyard boots and song to sing
Then I'm gonna sit right here until I die. I met her accidentally in St. Paul (Minnesota).
'Til the blue skies drive
If we never meet again this side of Heaven
I got livestock
She said where have you been it's been awhile
And I'll meet you further on up the road. Further on up the road
And as he went through he started pickin' up a little bit of speed
I'm just going over Jordan
Chicago
I could almost read her thoughts
That's where I want to stay
And when the yards broke off they said that I got killed
He died drunk early one morning,
I'd have me a car worth at least a hundred grand. I'd get it one piece at a time
Don't know where
The verdict read in the first degree
We shall sing on that beautiful shore for the melodious songs of the blessed
Looks like we'll be blessed with a little more rain,
The first year they had me puttin' wheels on Cadillacs Every day I'd watch them beauties roll by
The feelings disappear
Seek not your fortune in the dark dreary mine
Nothing touched the trigger but the devil's right hand Don't call my name out your window, I'm leavin'
Minnesota
But then you make me crawl
Everything's gonna be alright, momma,
I fooled you
And I believe this is the first time I've seen the sun come up
Well, there's a reason for the things that I have on. I wear the black for the poor and the beaten down,
Then I headed down the street
And I thought I was gonna jump with joy
Get your ticket at the station for the Rock Island Line In a little cabaret in a South Texas border town,
Will he breathe new breath inside me, and give back my dignity? If I give my soul, will he stop my hands from shaking?
I'm goin' to Jackson, and that's a fact.
Were you there when the stone was rolled away?
When all you've got is hurt One love
And the whirlwind is in the thorn tree
And I whupped her brother and I whupped her pa
Don't mean maybe, you're my baby Well, I had me a gal, she said she's mine
huh? Alright
There was Robert E. Lee, Beauregard, and Bragg
In the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore
Reach out and touch faith Your own personal Jesus
In a few minutes we're going to record a brand new song that
Understand your man. You can give my other suit to the Salvation Army,
And the sparkling water stopped.
And when did the Indians dance. Call him drunken Ira Hayes,
And it burns, burns, burns
Go lightly on the ground
I'll fly away.
Serve everything in tin cups?
Go on and do what you say you can do With a steel-nosed hammer on a four foot switch handle
She was the daughter of a wealthy, wealthy man
Just a few more weary days and then,
Will it make it easier on you now
When you're riding shotgun with me and the law is at your heels.
Pocotello
I went aloft and furled the mainsail in a blow
A freighter said she's been here but she's gone, boy, she's gone.
My soul's in your hand Try me Lord
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul Soon we'll come to the end of life's journey
Because you're mine, I walk the line. My grandfather's clock was too large for the shelf
Till I'm gone.
I've been everywhere I've been to,
And if these wings don't fail me I will meet you anywhere
You'll regret it all some day You are my sunshine, my only sunshine
'Cause I always wanted me one that was long and black. One day I devised myself a plan
I bet I'd move out over a little
My empire of dirt
But the meanest thing that he ever did
I'll forgive you dear, I'll take all the blame You are my sunshine, my only sunshine
Trains go by on the rails John Henry laid.
The melodious songs of the blessed;
Amarillo
The bus is coin', gonna take us to the train
He went for his gun and I pulled mine first
Because you're mine, I walk the line. I find it very, very easy to be true.
Two feet high and risin'
We're eight hours late with the southbound mail
It leaves you baby if you don't care for it Did I disappoint you
I've been a miner for a heart of gold.
Like a band of gypsies we go down the highway
Big iron on his hip Big iron, big iron,
Following behind you
And he was a mighty big man they say
And our way Is on the road again
I took a shot of cocaine and shot my woman down
In the general store, when I was thirteen
Yes, I'll admit that I'm a fool for you
Is that water?
Like you'd throw a dog a bone.
It's dark as a dungeon way down in the mine Thank you very much.
I keep my eyes wide open all the time
It was written by someone here in Folsom prison
'Cause I'll have the only one there is around. So the very next day when I punched in
Pittsburgh
Yes, I'll admit that I'm a fool for you.
My soul's in your hand Is it getting better
Would you miss your colored blouse
As she went out the door I heard her say
Clickity clack Yonder lies a steel-drivin' man lord lord
It curls and falls all down her breast
Fightings fears within and without
I cried "Oh Lord, what have I've done?"
And forgot the white man's greed. Call him drunken Ira Hayes,
And, I pray when I'm dead and the ages shall roll
Then I got me a transmission and all the chrome
I'm glory bound, but when the chase is done,
Tell 'em that God's gonna cut 'em down Well my goodness gracious let me tell you the news
I've breatherd the mountain air, man
Where no clouds ever darken the sky
And I'm getting old. You keep me searching for a heart of gold
I got cows
When the old man died Some glad morning when this life is o'er,
But when I awoke, dear, I was mistaken
(Don't you know it's recorded)
She got cut with a sword at Chancellorsville
She said it's four feet high and risin' Hey, come look through the window pane,
By the telephone
She used to love me a lot I remember how good it was back then
Have you come to raise the dead?
John Henry threw his hammer over his shoulder and went on home
My soul's in your hand
From the land of the Pima Indian,
Don't mean maybe, you're my, baby Got me a dollar that I saved
Richfield
And you'll bend down and tell me that you love me
In the sweet by and by
Call for the captain ashore let me go home Let me go home why don't you let me go home
Where the breeze is sweet as Shalimar
He spoke to me in the voice so sweet
And it tore me up every time I heard her drawl, Southern drawl.
I see them everywhere
And the kindness you've shown Lord help me, Jesus
Oh he tried to match the ranger with the big iron on his hip,
Jesus
But it serves him right and nobody here is missing him
And I looked, and behold a pale horse
Nothing touched the trigger but the devil's right hand
I'm goin' to Jackson, I'm gonna mess around,
But it's something you ain't got
Every time I try and every time I win
A proud and noble band,
His life seconds numbering
It's a lonesome life when you lose the ones you live for
If you've got someone to blame You said one love
Someone was killed, 'neath the town hall light
With cigarettes and songs I'd been picking
'Cause she's been through the fire before
Alaska
Please don't take my sunshine away We got married in a fever, hotter than a pepper sprout,
She stood in the crowd and shed not a tear
When the man comes around The hairs on your arm will stand up
But I made me a vow to the moon and stars
I shall not be moved I'm on my way to glory land and I shall not be moved
Bet momma's in the kitchen cooking fried chicken,
And it got powder-burned the night Francis Scott Key
In no others arms entwined
Just lay there in your bed and keep your mouth shut,
I keep the ends out for the tie that binds.
But we put it together and when we got through
To deserve even one
I got pigiron
Will you partake of that last offered cup
If I make my peace with Jesus, will they take me back again? If I give my soul, will he cleanse these clothes I'm wearin'?
A flower not fading nor falling apart,
He took a shoeshine rag and he held it tight
Perhaps I may become a highwayman again
You make me happy when skies are gray
I'll be just as gone as the wild goose in winter Then you'll understand your man, meditate on it
And so I climbed into the cab and then I settled down inside
Kalamazoo
Big iron on his hip" In this town there lived an outlaw by the name of Texas Red
We get to carry each other
Remember me to one who lives there
I shall not be, I shall not be moved
Two inches of water and a lonely ditch,
Blow my blues away Well, I woke up Sunday morning
The only thing that's real The needle tears a hole
One and nineteen more Now the stranger started talkin' made it plain to folks around
He called my name and my heart stood still
It's all over, it's all over, so forget her (it's all over)
I said you're a mighty little boy to be-a workin' that way
And his name that sat on him was death, and hell followed with him" Where the road is dark and the seed is sowed
Or the marine that went to war. Gather 'round me people,
I'm just going over home I know dark clouds will gather 'round me
See if I care. When I breeze into that city, people gonna stoop and bow. (Hah!)
For the glory as gift of his love and the blessing that howlered days
Jail was often his home,
Were you there when they laid Him in the tomb?
That keeps me searching for a heart of gold
Give me your tomorrow If I worked my hands on wood
He grinned as he raised his little head
He was wined and speeched and honored,
She used to love me a lot But I panicked as she turned to walk away
Grand Lake
On a park bench an old man was sitting there
Travel, I've had my share, man
And there I threw her into drown
Especially if I strung it out over several years. The first day I got me a fuel pump
There ain't no grave can hold my body down
At Dublin's churching surf
The babies all got sick and when the doctor wanted money
That greedy fool is a looking for the gold I never found
Far away on that beautiful shore If we never meet again this side of Heaven
I was in a daze because I loved you so, I couldn't see
'Bout a brave young Indian,
And He tells me every care on Him to roll
She raised a few eyebrows and then she went on down alone. Now, won't you batter down by Baton Rouge, River Queen, roll it on.
I shall not be moved [Chorus] Glory, glory, glory hallelujah, I shall not be moved
Because you're mine, I walk the line I keep a close watch on this heart of mine
On a Tuesday, they caught me with a file
And all the girls from nine to ninety,
Were slipping away from home and putting jewelery in hock.
'Cause I'm goin' to Jackson.
Everybody's callin' for bills that's due
Yeah, go to Jackson, you big-talkin' man.
It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe Go lightly from the ledge, babe
He said come on you dirty hack into that district court Into the court room my trial began
Santa Fe
I spied a sheriff comin' down the line
Buffalo
Tell 'em that God's gonna cut 'em down Tell 'em that God's gonna cut you down The other night dear, as I lay sleeping
I see railroad official said he's a good engineer to be a laying dead
And I started making music that went with the devil's band Oh, the years flew by like a mighty rush of eagles
I got stripes, stripes around my shoulders
And the blessings that hallow our days.
It's rain drops that fall from your eyes.
I'd have your baby If a tinker was my trade
I dreamed I held you in my arms
To the little dark-haired boy who played the Tennessee flat top box. And he would play, Well, he couldn't ride or wrangle, and he never cared to make a dime.
'Tho the night around me be falling
But is there because he's a victim of the times. I wear the black for those who never read,
Thirty-five cents a day for driving steel
'68, '69, '70 automobile. Ten years ago, on a cold dark night
And I followed you, Big River, when you called. Then you took me to St. Louis later on (down the river).
Take up where we left off
When the rivers freeze and summer ends
Cedar City
At my door the leaves are falling
We gonna get a steam drill to do your share of drivin'
You should remember well.
But it stopped, short never to go again
He caught it, didn't he?
I'd answer you yes I would
And I know I wouldn't be there to help ya along
In the night
And there's forty shades of green Trouble in mind, I'm blue
Then what's all them muscles gonna do? Huh? John Henry?
I saw his eyes drinking your charms while he held you in his arms
And I still miss someone I still miss someone Green, green, forty shades of green I close my eyes and picture
Now, I don't blame him 'cause he run and hid
And the tears that I cried for that woman are gonna flood you Big River.
I stood and watched him steal a kiss from two lips I know I'll miss
Livin' in the hopeless, hungry side of town,
Casey said hey now look out ahead jump Sam jump or we'll all be dead
In God's grace forevermore To the town of Agua Fria rode a stranger one fine day
To see if I still feel
Everybody knew by the engine's moan that the man at the throttle was Casey Jones
'Till things are brighter, I'm the Man In Black Early one mornin' while makin' the rounds
But as sure as God made black and white
He said "Before the sheriff comes I wanna tell you," Said "Listen boy
And you're all alone
On second thought, I do like to brag
To tell you what you are to me. You are the rose of my heart,
We must make the run successful
And when I reach the other side
A place called Boulder on the wild Colorado
He said take that hammer, Paulie Ann and go to that railroad
What did I ever do
I see you your own hammer boy but, what all can them muscles do?" and he said,
Three feet high and risin'
And nothin' more But it ain't me babe
He asked me if I'd seen a road with so much dust and sand
There's a story I would tell,
And the next day I got me an engine and a trunk
I keep you on my mind both day and night
Sandoval, Sandoval, S-A-N-D-O-V-A-L. Sandoval
Because you're mine, I walk the line Now I taught the weeping willow how to cry,
Every body held their breath,
One of her brothers was a bad outlaw
It could not withered be;
Don't sent your kinfolk to give me no talkin'
Lemme have a, have a drink of water. I'm about to choke up
And you were a lady
I can show someone else
I'm gonna ride around in style
Bakersfield
I've never had such trouble in my whole life before I'm gonna lay my head on some lonesome railroad line
And I grew up in a house on Saginaw Bay
Thought it was the finest thing I ever had seen So l asked if I could have one when I grew up
Why, you'd think He's talking straight to you and me. Well, we're doin' mighty fine, I do suppose,
separation comes no more
Adimore
When he tried to match the ranger with the big iron on his hip,
They're teaching us a lot of new things in here, momma,
But that train keeps a-rollin'
And I could see in her eyes that she had her doubts
Of the blessings I've known
You drive me crazy
To that home on God's celestial shore,
What I say?
There's nothing I'd change if I could.
Casey Jones was the roller's name on a 68 wheeler course he won his fame
And they say we'll be happy in Heaven
Habastock
Far from Folsom Prison
Listen, this hammer-swinger's talkin' to you. Two-thousand people hollered, "Go John Henry!"
From glen to glen and down the mountain side
Constable had to come and take him away Sheriff John Stone why don't you leave me alone
He said, I don't like to brag
Where the gun is cocked and the bullet's cold
John Henry told the captin, "Tell the kind-folks not to worry
To what you've got
But beauteous fields arise before me
And their land grew crops of weeds,
On a Tuesday, they locked me in the jail (oh boy)
I knew you'd have to get tough or die
The summer's gone, and all the roses falling
If trouble comes your way just ask for me,
I said, your old courthouse is kinda run down
I'd sneak it out of there in a lunchbox in my hand
And I ain't cut out to be no Jesse James, And you don't go writing hot checks down in Mississippi,
You gave me nothing now
You sang him love songs tenderly that should have been for you and me
And I couldn't keep from crying I saw his eyes drinking your charms... I love that hair, long an' black
I find myself alone when each day's through
And she's getting threadbare and wearing thin
Big iron on his hip How high's the water, mama?
Put taps on your toes and get goin'
But I figured I'd have it all by the time I retired
The chickens are sleepin'
I'll fly away. To that land where joy will never end,
She used to love me a lot She used to love me with a love that wouldn't die
Bound by wild desire
(It's been recorded I know, hell)
And the joy we share as we tarry there
They slow down and take off the hats,
And I'll be back again, and again and again and again and again Oh, come all you young fellers, young and so fine
One
The moorlands and the meddle
Because Thy promise I believe
Every minute that you cry for her is wasted don't you know
Spirit Lake
Well we hurt each other and we're doing it again You said love is a temple
'Til the white man stole their water rights,
Had no friends for to go my bail
I love you, baby, you're my, babydoll Love is a burnin' thing
I see a band of angels and they're coming after me
Would you still love me?
Goes away in the end And you could have it all
And there's nothing short a' dying
And I'm getting old.
You are someone else
Tocapillo
When I die, Hallelujah, by and by,
Sooner or later God'll cut you down Go tell that long tongue liar
You tell em that's not all I can do. Tell em,
Drive the dark clouds
If there's a light up ahead well brother I don't know
Just to watch him die
By the little dark-haired boy who played the Tennessee flat top box. And he would play, Then one day he was gone, and no one ever saw him 'round,
Digin' a tunnel for the San Jose railroad.
I'd walk from Cork to Larne to see
My sweetest friend
If you got certain things on board when you go through the tollgate
And he talks with me [Chorus]
I wear the black in mournin' for the lives that could have been,
Crossed the deserts bare, man
I said how are you Huh?
Three feet high and risin' How high's the water, mama?
His voice to me is calling
Don't give me that old familiar cry and fuss and moan Understand your man, I'm tired of your bad-mouthin'
One life
And he didn't leave much to Ma and me
Go ahead, boy. Pick up that hammer, and show me what you can do!" He said to get a rusted spike and swing it down three times
Further on up the road
Well you don't have to pay the man no toll
Rose of my heart. When sorrow holds you in her arms of clay,
For the glorious gift of His love
I would find a way I hear the train a comin'
Dodge City What a pity I've been everywhere, man
Then I fumbled in my closet through my clothes
Get rhythm, when you get the blues Little shoeshine boy never get slowed down
And when you swinging with that lead man
When the old man died Ninety years without slumbering
And kneel and say an "Ave" there for me And I will know, tho' soft ye tread above me
I was broken in a million little pieces
And sometimes I'd hang my head and cry
While the dew is still on the roses
[ guitar ]
Life ain't worth living, I feel like I could die Trouble in mind, I'm blue
Because you're mine, I walk the line. As sure as night is dark and day is light.
In that bright land to which I go I'm going there to see my Father
I'm just going over home
With a laughing little girl that he was swinging
You can just go right on through so he went on through the tollgate
The old familiar sting
And smokin' big cigars Well, I know I had it comin'
Tell 'em that God's gonna cut 'em down
An alarm that for years had been dumb
Tollaperson
Full of broken thoughts
But with each new day I pray I'll strike it rich and then
We'll be on time or we're leavin' the rails
My Mama told me, son
I got all live stock Well he said you're alright boy you don't have to pay no toll
And I know you hate me, and you got the right
It's so far behind that it don't got the brains to quit it
Take that woman on down to New Orleans, New Orleans.
We shall meet on that beautiful shore;
I keep you on my mind both day and night.
What's down in the dark will be brought to the light You can run on for a long time
And I'll meet you further on up the road Further on up the road [Repeat: x4] One sunny mornin' we'll rise I know
When he said, "John go do My will!" Go tell that long tongue liar
But those people keep a-movin'
And there ain't no good chain gang. There ain't no good in an evil hearted woman, And I ain't cut out to be no Jesse James,
That makes a body feel alone
I never would have made it through the Arkansas mud
Casey Jones leanin' out the window taking a trip to the Promised Land Through South Memphis Yards on a fly rain been a fallin' and the water was high
Houston
And I just hit town and my throat was dry
All them women gonna make me, teach 'em what they don't know how,
They overtook me down in Juarez Mexico. Laid in the hot joint takin' the pill
She was once a true love of mine I keep a close watch on this heart of mine
All would be our wedding day And only say that you'll be mine
Oh, no I never got over those blues eyes
I'll never let you down when you're riding with me;
When I hear that trumpet sound I'm gonna rise right out of the ground
Monterey
And separation comes no more
But I lit my first and watched a small kid
Of the straw the women glean
In the willow trees
Comin' for to carry me home Well, I'm sometimes up and I'm sometimes down
Baraboo
That you be sayin' all along,
In a long black veil, she cries ov're my bones She walks these hills in a long black veil
Somewhere, somehow along the way On a Sunday morning sidewalk
I think it must have run off Luther's boots or something
I hang my head and cry I bet there's rich folks eatin'
And what's a substitute for bread and beans? I ain't seen it!
Baltimore
In our streak of lightnin' cars and fancy clothes,
Early next mornin' he said,
Please say "hello" to the one who lives there
Well if you ride it you got to ride it like you find it
I don't know where
Like a crazy fool I'm a digging in the frozen ground, so cold
She used to love me a lot
Voices callin', voices cryin'
Comin' for to carry me home
We had two on the left and one on the right
I wear it for another hundred thousand who have died,
I got sheep
Ninety nine years in the Folsom pen
A true love of mine
And it got a bad rip in New Orleans
And I said, "Listen! I've traveled every road in this here land!" I've been everywhere, man
And Sunday morning coming down You can run on for a long time
And I ain't cut out to be no Jesse James,
Popped a shoeshine rag and then he said. Hey, get rhythm when you get the blues
In walked a sheriff from Jericho Hill
Want to tell you that this show is being recorded for an album
Where the rain never falls, the sun never shines
But I shot a man in Reno
Then I washed my face and combed my hair
Always do
The ring of fire, the ring of fire The taste of love is sweet
She was sittin' in the Silver Spoon cafe
We shall meet on that beautiful shore.
I was singing this song We'll meet again
Down beside where the waters flow
And as we walked, along we talk
And at his feet they'll cast their golden crowns
Oh lamb of God I come I come Just as I am Thou wilt receive
I've been everywhere I believe my steps are growin' wearier each day
Once my soul was astray from the heavenly way I was wretched and vile as could be
I saw you walking by his side heard you whisper all those lies
That's the only thing we got left that'll float
I'm going there to see my Mother
And smokin' big cigars
Farther down the line
Costa Rock
If that railroad train was mine
And drug her down to the river side
Well I feel so homesick I wanna go home Then the cook he caught the fits threw out all of my grits
Get rhythm, when you get the blues. Get rhythm, when you get the blues
"He's an outlaw loose and runnin'", came a whisper from each lip
'Till the stream of your blood runs as black as the coal Where it's dark as a dungeon, damp as the dew
You promise that's water, huh
The wise man will bow down before the throne
The pride of the South they call the General Lee. I'm the Gerneral Lee,
Who's never weak but always strong
We'll cross the fields and we'll be running free,
Little Rock
And come running through the shallow waters, reaching for your hand, hmm We sailed on the ship John B my grandfather and me around Nassau town we did roam
But all the girls still dreamed about him.
Never knew why, I didn't understand
You might say I went right up to the factory
In the ditch where Ira died. Life is like a mountain railway
The thirst that from the soul doth rise
Things on your chest
'Cause there's something in a Sunday
You act like you never had love
When war came, Ira volunteered,
Omerback
I was all torn up and nervous 'cause I knew that you'd be gone
And with the sea I did abide
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul
Understand your man. Remember what I told you
Put me to the test
And I ain't seen the sunshine
And then my grave will richer, sweeter be
I'm the best pal that you boys ever had,
In measured hundredweight and penny pound
Release on Columbia Records and you can't say hell or shit or anything like that
But 'til we start to make a move to make a few things right,
I wear it for the prisoner who has long paid for his crime,
If you will only say the same
Now, Ira's folks were hungry,
I've never considered myself a thief
And he gave me a great big party with champagne
Run on for a long time
Not guilty I said, you've got the wrong man
Never touched his holster, never had a chance to draw
He said Willy Lee your name is not Jack Brown
Many men had tried to take him and that many men were dead
And here I am a'lazing in jail.
When it comes your time to travel likewise, don't feel lost
I need it to run my fingers through 'Cause you're my baby, uh huh uh, you're my sugar
Down by the banks of the Ohio I asked her if she'd marry me
That's the pay for a steel driver on this line." Then the section foreman said, "Hey! Hammer-swinger!
Souix City
Thy blood was shed for me
They put me on a train and they took me back
I miss those arms that held me
Maybe Lord
But when we pulled out the switch all three of 'em come on. The back end looked kinda funny too
And the Tennessee Stud loves the Tennessee Mare. The Tennessee Stud was long and lean
Well, papa, don't you worry about it none, Now, everything's gonna be alright, papa,
I'd marry you anyway
But I won't be blue always
If you're tired, rest your head on my arm.
Lemme do John Henry then and we'll go... Johnny Henry's pappy woke him up one midnight
Davenport
Down by the banks of the Ohio And going home between twelve and one
On my way to glory land I will not be moved
And somehow I've a feelin' it will be
That from his heels, on around to the ground he had a stroke of 19 feet
Please don't take my sunshine away I'll always love you and make you happy
Panama
He stood there lookin' at me and I saw him smile And he said, "Son, this world is rough
You are the love of my life.
In the sweet by and by,
Comin' for to carry me home Well, now if you get there before I do
Call him drunken Ira Hayes,
I'm number one, and I will always be
Glory hallelujah, I shall not be moved
Said this is the trip to the Promised Land
I keep my eyes wide open all the time.
And the notches on his pistol numbered one and nineteen more,
Stop your cryin' turn around and let her go Were you there when they crucified my Lord?
Down the ditches a thousand years,
And I cant wait to get on the road again
And our spirits shall sorrow no more,
When he reached down his hand for me when he reached way down for me
When he reached down his hand for me
Hangin' down to the middle of your back
I left that day with a lunch box full of gears
But he's got the dirtiest job in town
Some sunny day Keep smilin' through
I got chains, chains around my feet
An' went to Detroit workin' on a 'sembly line
Amperdllo I'm a Killer I've been everywhere, man
Where the miles are marked in the blood and gold
Comin' for to carry me home Swing low, sweet chariot
Dayton
On a Thursday, they said guilty and the Judge's gavel fell I got stripes, stripes around my shoulders
So then I went and bought myself a Colt 45
Mama said the pistol is the devil's right hand Well I get into a card game in a company town
And a man hollered and asked him what all he had on board and said I got livestock
He's alright a leavin' but he won't be back Well, the Rock Island Line she's a mighty good road
There's someone for me somewhere
I know I can't be free
And I said it's not to late to start again
Well I feel so homesick I wanna go home The first mate he got drunk broke up the people's trunk
How'd he keep from gettin' the blues
On a Thursday, I start on bread and water for a while I got stripes, stripes around my shoulders
I will make you hurt If I could start again
Tell 'em that God's gonna cut 'em down You can run on for a long time
Your hand in mine makes all times good. You are the rose of my heart,
And tell 'em I won't be long
She just left me standing there, I never been so shocked
So I give ya that name and I said goodbye
"I was born drivin' steel" Well now John Henry hammered in the mountains
It's these expressions I never give
We had that engine runnin' just like a song
Chadanocka
With their forty shades of green But most of all I miss a girl
All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole In sorrow He's my comfort, in trouble He's my stay
At home nobody cared what Ira'd done,
My fist got hard and my wits got keen
Many a young maid lost her baubles to my trade
Who'll promise never to part
And I'll be waitin' in Jackson, behind my Jaypan Fan, Well now, we got married in a fever, hotter than a pepper Sprout,
The ring of fire I hurt myself today
Oh lamb of God I come I come Just as I am Lord Thou tossed about
And the beer I had for breakfast wasn't bad
And he said it didn't matter that he was after Texas Red,
The cold wild wind will come
And now they've about quit waving her back here at home
'Cause I'm mighty proud of that ragged old flag I'm just a poor wayfaring stranger
Oh, he might have went on livin' but he made one fatal slip
I heard him laugh and then I heard him cuss
There ain't no grave can hold my body down Well, look down yonder Gabriel, put your feet on the land and see
I fell into a ring of fire I fell into a burnin' ring of fire
Is this the first time you've been to our little town?
We can't come back till the water goes down,
Reno
They'll lead you 'round town like a scalded hound,
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday Trouble in mind, that's true
Yeah that's what I told 'em Well, I hit him hard right between the eyes
Whichta
Kansas City
Now that I know
One of the four beasts saying,
To pick you up each time you fall
Believen' that the Lord was on their side,
I shall not be moved Well, now I looked over Jordan and what did I see
Reach out and touch faith
I've hit the biggest strike in Klondike history" Her dad met the bus in Saginaw, Michigan
You're my harbor in life's restless storm.Rose of my heart. Rose of my heart. I was toting my pack along the long dusty Winnemucca road
Not so much hon'ring thee
Of the sleeping city sidewalk
If I hadn't been a-riding on the Tennessee Stud I had some trouble with my sweetheart's pa
And your soft shoes shining? If you were a miller
From the fishing boats at Dingle
Fargo
Until you come, then we'll see paradise And I'll be waiting on the far side banks of Jordan
And I cant wait to get on the road again On the road again
For leavin' what we'd begun
But I do know
I will meet you on that beautiful shore I'm a charger that charges through the night,
There was a band of angels a comin' after me
Will dwell come pardon cleanse relieve
And told her she was going to rest
Holding the verdict in his right hand
In a fancy dining car
Take a walk just a little ways
And I headed her right on down main drag
And we've been talkin' 'bout Jackson, ever since the fire went... I keep a close watch on this heart of mine.
For I will be the first one that you'll see And I'll be waiting on the far side banks of Jordan
But give him his guitar, and he'd be happy all the time.
But I am still alive I was a sailor
Someone who's there Feeling unknown
What I've been through myself
It's rollin' 'round the bend
The General Lee
While I'm breathin' air that ain't been breathed before,
And when the fight was over,
And I am dead, as dead I well may be
Oh, but the fire went wild I fell into a burnin' ring of fire
It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe Hey, get rhythm when you get the blues
It ain't nothin' but my hammer suckin' wind, it keeps me breathin'
Then I'll look from the door of my heavenly home
Fairaday
But I know my soul is heavenly bound
Though it weighed not a pennyweight more It was bought on the morn of the day that he was born
Together as close as can be.
I'm not prepared for eternity" I took her by her golden curls
It'll shake all the troubles from your worried mind,
One hundred million angels singin'
This steel-driver's muscle it ain't thin. "Captain tell the people to move back farther
On my way to glory land I shall not be moved
That the slayer who ran, looked a lot like me She walks these hills in a long black veil
In her own good land here she's been abused
She used to love me a lot, she used to love me a lot, she used to love me a lot I have found a friend in Jesus, He's everything to me
Carry each other
And somewhere far away a lonely bell was ringing
I spoke not a word, thou it meant my life
With an engineer that's brave
Charleston
When it's one need
Till we reach that blissful shore
With no way to hold my head that didn't hurt
In that wonderful sweet by and by If we never meet again this side of Heaven
Understand your man
And your eye upon the rail Blessed Savior, Thou will guide us
Everybody won't be treated all the same
He kicked like a mule and he bit like a crocodile
Saved it up for a rainy day
I could hear everybody laughin' for blocks around
For the father waits over the way to prepare us a dwelling place there
As giving it a hope that there
And I couldn't hold the teardrops when I walked away alone It's all over, it's all over, my heart echoed (it's all over)
Why don't you sell your father-in-law your Klondike claim?" Now he's up there in Alaska digging in the cold, cold ground
Two hundred and fifty men,
I knocked and crossed my fingers while I waited
Like an orange bolt of lightning passing everything in sight.
Yeah, I'm goin' to Jackson,
In Tipperary town
Lift up the receiver
They slapped my dried up carcass in the county jail. Early next morning about a half past nine
Ain't no grave can hold my body down Well, look way down the river, what do you think I see?
And Old Glory raised,
And my one regret is leavin' you behind But if it proves to be his will that I am first to go
And I think about him, now and then
Gravelburg
It's hard for thee to kick against the pricks Till armageddon no shalam, no shalom
And then one day on the Hit Parade,
Multitudes are marchin' to the big kettledrum
Not a sigh for the blessing of rest.
Five feet high and risin'
The Son of God discloses
Don't mean maybe, you're my, baby Oh, baby, baby, yeah you're my baby
And I'm getting old. Well, I left Kentucky back in forty nine
To all the folks that I know
Ain't no grave can hold my body down Well, meet me Jesus, meet me. Meet me in the middle of the air
Can I have a drink of water?
And some guy'd laugh and I'd bust his head
I'll fly away. Oh I'll fly away, oh glory, I'll fly away in the morning
And if the blues don't leave me, I rock on away from here Trouble in mind, I'm blue
And you don't go writing hot checks down in Mississippi,
Pasadena
About to meet his death There was twenty feet between them
And found my cleanest dirty shirt
Jellico
Since when it grows and smells, I swear
She got a big hole from a Bertha gun
When I saw enough to realize, you didn't care for me It's all over, it's all over, my heart echoed, it's all over
Do engines get rewarded for their steam? John Henry said to his captain said "A man ain't nothin' but a man
Jacksonville
When I awake my poor heart pains
She's been burned, dishonored, denied, and refused And the government for which she stands
He'd vanished like the breeze, they forgot him in the little town.
And he showed me that I could be free
Where the way dark and the night is cold
Why me Lord
Were you there when they nailed Him to the cross? Were you there when they laid Him in the tomb?
And they'll be happy to know
He was big and bent and gray and old
Would I still find you
I was born upon the tide
She said she'd meet me when I come So, I'm just going over Jordan
But something made me stop
Yeah what could I do, what could I do I got all choked up and I threw down my gun
You've got to do what you should
Mama dropped a dozen eggs, she really blew up
Gonna take a little bit of vinegar out of you." John Henry said, "I feed four little brothers
I slipped and fell into the wet concrete below
One sunny mornin' we'll rise I know
Like the disappearing dreams of yesterday On a Sunday morning sidewalk
Tell all of my friends that I'm a comin' too
But we're kinda proud of that ragged old flag You see, we got a little hole in that flag there when
He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star
Sooner or later God'll cut you down
It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe You say you're lookin' for someone
But his land is just as dry,
Sister
I'm gonna drive everybody wild
Ninety nine years underneath that ground
Someone to die for you and more But it ain't me babe
When along came a semi with a high canvas covered load
Looking at her now I can't believe she said good-bye
I'll take off through the mountains and have fun, fun, fun. I've got style, tearing through the curves;
Everyone I know
The spike went through the cross-tie and split it half in two
Louisville
Sweethearts walk by together
Whoever is righteous let him be righteous still
When he reached down...
Him with all his wedding ways rules your heart now in my place
Hakensack
From the cradle to the grave Heed the curves and watch the tunnels
I saw that little judge commence to look about. In about five minutes in walked a man
Someone to hear your prayers
The section hands laid him in the sand
Eighty eight four one nine is wanted in reception I asked my love to take a walk
Shreveport
And that's a ragged old flag you got hanging on it He said, have a seat, and I sat down
And perhaps we'll never meet anymore
Then he lifted my feet gave me gladness complete
Oh she once was a true love of mine A true love of mine
We pulled our guns, he fell with a thud
Because you're mine, I walk the line As sure as night is dark and day is light
And no one else could come between
Where steel and water did collide
Cause Mama said the pistol is the devil's right hand
And would you not be above me? If I were a carpenter
I will make you hurt I wear this crown of thorns
I raced my horse with the Spaniards bold
Just like a tree that's planted by the water
There's a wall of fire about me and I've nothing now to fear
I know my way is hard and steep
It's dark as a dungeon way down in the mine Well it's many a man, that I've seen in my day
And it got a lot of laughs from a' lots of folk
Louisiana
Someone to close his eyes for you
And when they got through the title weighed sixty pounds. I got it one piece at a time
'Cause I'm the son-of-a-bitch that named you "Sue"
And I showed the clouds how to cover up a clear blue sky.
But she run around on me all the time
Kept on a poppin' and he said again Get rhythm, when you get the blues
I fell for you like a child
I'd love to watch the farmers
He's the Lily of the Valley, in Him alone I see
Cause you can't replace a steel-drivin' man. There was a big crowd of people at the mountain.
'57, '58' 59' automobile
Sometimes it's hard to find time in between,
Caller called Casey bout half past four he kissed his wife at the station door
Or disappear into the potter's ground?
Doth ask a drink divine;
I saw my first pistol in the general store
I stuck that lovin' forty-four beneath my head. Got up next mornin' and I grabbed that gun
I can't wait to get on the road again On the road again
I'll meet you further on up the road Got on my dead man's suit and my smilin' skull ring
And I said: "My name is 'Sue!' How do you do!?
So when you come back and make me happy
Bangor
I'm thunder on the highway lookin' bad, bad, bad. I'm a knight, like the kind in shining armor,
Love the higher law
It only cost a dime, just a nickel a shoe
I'd not miss my colored blouse
And his ghost is lying thirsty,
'Cause I'm gonna use 'em to serenade you 'Cause you're my baby, uh huh uh, you're my sugar
My head's been wet with the midnight dew
Two feet high and risin' How high's the water, mama?
Your smile's like the sun come to earth for a day,
Glen Rock
How high's the water, papa?
It was taller by half than the old man himself
The bastards hung me in the spring of twenty-five
Nashville
Big iron on his hip It was over in a moment and the crowd all gathered 'round
We'll meet again
One love we get to share it
I find myself alone when each day is through.
To keep her from the howlin' winds If you're travelin' in the north country fair
Kicking and a' gouging in the mud and the blood and the beer I tell ya, I've fought tougher men
Rock Island Line it's the road to ride
The dark clouds
Had a child by me, who grew up to be a man
And if I ever have a son, I think I'm gonna name him
And sent'st it back to me,
Roam from town to town to hide my shame
We've been talkin' 'bout Jackson, ever since the fire went out.
On a Wednesday, my trial was attested
We will offer our tribute of praise
Every string's gotta know what to do
I would not change for thine. I walked through a county courthouse square
I lost my bees
Casey Jones climbed in the cabin Dead on the rail was a passenger train blood was a boilin' in Casey's brain
To gather flowers constantly
I said, "Honey, I'm a coming home, please wait for me
Vicksburg
Far away And will you please say hello
Mattua
Was the Indian, Ira Hayes. Call him drunken Ira Hayes,
And I will rest in peace until you come to me There's a land that is fairer than day and by faith we can see it apart
And I'll meet you further on up the road
And you can tell your dad that I'm coming back a richer man
Or listened to the words that Jesus said,
And it makes a fiery ring
John Henry raised it back 'til it touched his heels then
Is that water bob?
They knew this handsome ranger was about to meet his death,
But just so we're reminded of the ones who are held back,
The ring of fire, the ring of fire
Blow my blues away "And I heard, as it were, the noise of thunder
And come running through the shallow waters, reaching for your hand Through this life we've labored hard to earn our meager fare
Was before he left, he went and named me "Sue" Well, he must o' thought that is quite a joke
Well a train driver he pulled up to the tollgate
It's already over all the wheat and oats,
Get rhythm, when you get the blues I was on my way to you and I was worried
Or the marine that went to war. Yeah, call him drunken Ira Hayes,
One Go away from my window
Get your ticket at the station for the Rock Island Line Looked cloudy in the west and it looked like rain
The trial was in the morning and they drug me out of bed
Or I may simply be a single drop of rain
To watch make the cold-steel ring "Lord! What a swinger!
Wishing that I hadn't done wrong. Momma, don't you worry about it none though,
That I couldn't come up with it
I started to keep going
Look out Jackson town. Well, go on down to Jackson; go ahead and wreck your health.
Oklahoma
To prepare us a dwelling place there.
But I used to love you a lot I thought she loved me with a love that wouldn't die
Far away And would you please say hello
And I still miss someone I go out on a party
I have almost lost my mind
Please don't take my sunshine away In all my dreams, dear, you seem to leave me
In Arizona land.
But ya ought to thank me, before I die
Along the coach roads I did ride
On a Wednesday, I'm down in solitary
To the folks that I know
I'm wishing, Lord, that I was stoned
I know what I am
Pay you a nickel a day for every inch you sink it to
I sailed a schooner round the Horn to Mexico
I cannot repair Beneath the stains of time
You have shattered all of my dreams You are my sunshine, my only sunshine
And negatory on the cost of this mow-chine there RED RYDER
Big iron on his hip Now the morning passed so quickly and it was time for them to meet
As we silently stood by his side
Or the marine that went to war. Then Ira started drinking hard,
Just can't wait to get on the road again
Then somebody hollered," The mountain's cavin' in!"
Don't cut it off whatever you do
Parkersburg
I'll die with that hammer in my hand but, I'll be laughin',
And I'll not ask for wine.
And had no other words to say And only say that you'll be mine
Shot her down cause she made me slow
I'll go back home and claim my love in Saginaw, Michigan I wrote my love in Saginaw, Michigan
And most of all I miss her lips
To take the trip, to go and listen,
'Cause I still miss someone Oh, I never got over those blues eyes
Everybody shook his hand,
It's all I've got
I want to give
She said it's five feet high and risin' Well the rails are washed out north of town
Just before the jury started out
Too many times he came home with too little pay I loved a girl in Saginaw, Michigan
But now you've left me and love another
Some gal would giggle and I'd get red
Leave at your own chosen speed
Four feet high and risin' How high's the water, mama?
Or the marine that went to war. Ira Hayes returned a hero,
Casey Jones climbed in the cabin Headaches and heartaches and all kinds of pain all the part of a railroad train
You brighten my blackest of skies. You are the rose of my heart,
And I looked at him and my blood ran cold
When she blows up she'll scatter cross the hills" Now, John Henry had a little woman
And a dropper with his wine
But if you leave me and love another
"And he's here to do some business with a big iron on his hip,
In the PSYCHO-BILLY CADILLAC Come on Huh, This is the COTTON MOUTH
Tulsa
It was twenty past eleven when they rode out in the street
And to come each time you call
Some sunny day So Honey
Because she would not marry me And only say that you'll be mine
If I give my soul, will my son love me again?
You give me cause for love that I can't hide.
Across the river deep and wide
I won't even turn my head.
Or leave a bad taste in your mouth
You'll never know dear, how much I love you
'Come and see.' and I saw, and behold a white horse" There's a man goin' 'round takin' names
Black Rock
When the old man died My grandfather said that of those he could hire
When all the love was there I wonder if she's sorry
You'll come and find the place where I am lying
Where the winds hit heavy on the borderline
Ain't no machine can that's been proved to you! There was a big crowd of mourners at the church house
'Cause I'll have the only one there is around. Ugh! Yeah, RED RYDER
Tell the rambler,
Shoot as fast as lightnin' but it loads a mite slow
But it stopped short, never to go again
Where rivers of delight shall ever roll
Took a shot of cocaine and away I run
Alone in the land he fought to save,
Among the men who held it high,
I'll always be around and around and around and around and around I fly a starship
And when we tried to put in the bolts all the holes were gone. So we drilled it out so that it would fit
John Henry's pappy broke jail about a dozen times
With my polished body gleaming, I'm a fighter and a charmer.
Why you never see bright colors on my back,
I'm not the one you want, babe
And I couldn't keep from crying
And listened to the songs they were singing
Oh were you there when they crucified my Lord?
Never falter, never fail
Winslow
Was a little dark-haired boy who played the Tennessee flat top box. And he would play Anybody got any special requests for us to do
Well the engineer said before he died
But you're gonna miss me when I'm gone
You need to confess I will deliver
I'm at the finish line and ain't no drill
I have an announcement here
With sword and pistol by my side
Just a minute, lemme fix this son of alright Cash Johnny
He got on through he turned and looked back at the man he said Well I fooled you
C'mon get rhythm, when you get the blues
When they come to whoreys lynn retsina' his back.
Non Album Tracks Tennessee Stud Jimmy Driftwood / Warden Music BMI (1994) Back about eighteen and twenty-five
Said "Sweat, boy! Sweat! Only two more swings!"
For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide
No, no, no, it ain't me babe
And take that hammer, It'll do anything you tell it to." John Henry's mammy had about a dozen babies
And that Thou bid'st me come to Thee
Well the Rock Island Line she runs down into New Orleans
Someone who cares Your own personal Jesus
Washington
Love the higher law You ask me to enter
One blood
Papa's reading yesterday's mail, Wishing that the hay was all bailed,
I got old pigiron Down the Rock Island Line she's a mighty good road
Get your ticket at the station for the Rock Island Line Oh I may be right and I may be wrong
They're about to drag me down On a Monday, my momma come to see me
Texas Red had not cleared leather when a bullet fairly ripped
Somebody come screw this microphone?
That we'll meet again
But I know
Big iron on his hip It was early in the morning when he rode into the town
Ira Hayes...
So let's take the good times as they go
To protect you and defend you
Catalina See What I Mean I've been everywhere, man
And I were a lady
He stopped once to wipe the sweat away
What have I ever done
Traveling through this world below
And there never was a horse like the Tennessee Stud I drifted on down into no man's land
How's that grab you Bob? There's a land that is fairer than day,
And he tells me I am His own
Or leave a kiss within the cup
Casey Jones climbed in the cabin Casey Jones orders in his hand
To our bountiful Father above,
Farther down the line Far from Folsom Prison
Twenty one would be the ranger with the big iron on his hip,
John Henry?
Sat the dirty, mangy dog that named me "Sue" Well, I knew that snake was my own sweet dad
And stumbled down the stairs to meet the day I'd smoked my mind the night before
Eldorado
Save your love through sorrow
The color of the sun and his eyes were green
Since, I don't know when I'm stuck in Folsom Prison
They'll eat dust compliments of me: The General Lee I'm a hero, and that's how I'll make you feel
To the shores of Donaghadee I miss the river Shannon
Lures of this old world have ceased to make me wanna stay
That his hour for departure had come Still the clock kept the time with a soft and muffled chime
About that time my wife walked out
But I got this fever burnin' in my soul
I'll jump that pond and we'll be running free,
But up there at the court house they didn't laugh
The virgins are all trimming their wicks
Yonder lies a steel-drivin' man Yonder lies a steel-drivin' man lord lord
Understand your man On a Monday, I was arrested (uh huh)
Opalacka
I'm not the one you need
No water, no home, no chance,
To drag the past out
LaPaloma
I shall not be moved [Chorus: x2]
He said I like it with a big wide grin
Playing with a can that he was kicking
I thought I'd walk on in
Ugh!, what model is it? Well, It's a '49, '50, '51, '52, '53, '54, '55, '56
And if a man's gonna make it, he's gotta be tough
Not of itself, but thee. Drink to me only with thine eyes
Then he took and ate up all of my corn Let me go home why don't you let me go home
If you're cold, let my love make you warm.
When the man comes around "And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts
At the close of each week to be wound And it kept in its place, not a frown upon its face
Sooner or later God'll cut you down Well you may throw your rock and hide your hand
Drinking all night got into a fight well I feel so homesick I wanna go home So hoist up the John B sail see how the mainsail sets
I focus on the pain
Ellisburg
Up front there ought 'a be a Man In Black. I wear it for the sick and lonely old,
The little things I could get in my big lunchbox
And our spirits shall sorrow no more not a sight for the blessing of rest
I'd been in the arms of my best friend's wife Did I hear someone applaud? Now the scaffold is high and eternity's near
Well, that's when we noticed that we only had one tail-fin
What I've taken from you
It'll form as a habit and seep in your soul
With Packingham and Jackson tuggin' at its seams And it almost fell at the Alamo
They say,"Mornin' Steel-driver, you sure was a hammer-swinger."
Someone to open each and every door But it ain't me babe
But I am still around
Some sunny day Yeah we'll meet again
And the voice I hear, falling on my ear
I'm stuck in Folsom Prison
Don't mean maybe, you're my, baby Got me a guitar, got a six strings
Sorry about that little interruption there, but I just
I would not change for thine. I sent thee late a rosy wreath,
And he went down, but to my surprise
Like nuts, an' bolts, and all four shocks
For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide.
Some are born and some are dyin'
I'll fly away, oh glory, I'll fly away.
And I'll meet you further on up the road. Now I been out in the desert, just doin' my time
I said, your old flagpole has leaned a little bit
And look for a little fun
Ain't no grave can hold my body down
Oh lamb of God I come I come Well lordy I shall not be, I shall not be moved
Oh she once was a true love of mine See for me if her hair's hanging down
Colorado
And she was a-riding on a Tennessee Mare Pretty little baby on the cabin floor
He said, (dirty mind),
She cried "Oh Willy, don't murder me
I was near to despair when he came to me there
We could spend a night together
I can't forget the day I shot that bad bitch down
Shereville
And its hands never hung by its side
Go play your hand you big-talkin' man, make a big fool of yourself,
I shall not be moved Oh well
This is the COTTON MOUTH
Were you there when they nailed Him to the cross?
You know John Honey was a real man. He worked on a tunnel in West Virginia
We're the best of friends
Give me your tomorrow If I were a miller
A hot cup of coffee and a cold glass of tea Well the Rock Island Line she's a mighty good road
Larimore
Shasta
There were two more drinks that he'd like to try
And I believe she can take a whole lot more So we raise her up every morning
And we knew that his spirit was pluming for flight
When hearts like ours meet
Listen to the words long written down
To kill me now, and I wouldn't blame you if you do
The women-folks from miles around heard him and come down
I believe the lady's name was Paulie Ann yeah that was his good woman
She said it's three feet high and risin' Well, the hives are gone,
I got pigs
So I had one more for dessert
Tell 'em that I won't be long
As soft as eiderdown Again I want to see and do
I gave you my onlyness
And I don't know when
The whirlwind is in the thorn trees
But I'll try to carry off a little darkness on my back,
But they don't catch me, I'll spend it on you 'Cause you're my baby, uh huh uh, you're my sugar
Because you're mine, I walk the line You've got a way to keep me on your side
Or do you feel the same
Now the headlight' was another sight
Reach out and touch faith Bet it ain't raining back home,
I'm goin' to Jackson, you turn-a loose-a my coat.
As we struggle through this world and its strife
Now she's gone an' I'm glad we're through
Whether you are right or wrong
Not the whiskey drinking Indian,
Across the Universe divide
To walk back down again.
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul He will never, never leave me nor yet forsake me here
I crossed the river called the Rio Grande
Save your love through loneliness
And the swiftness of the Ranger still talked about today
It does a million dollars worth of good for you
Tampa
So it stood ninety years on the floor
Texarkana
(Ohh, sometimes it causes me to tremble)
Yonder lies a steel-drivin' man Yonder lies a steel-drivin' Thank you very much
For the gravel in ya guts and the spit in ya eye
Washington took it across the Delaware
I tell ya, life ain't easy for a boy named "Sue" Well, I grew up quick and I grew up mean
Folks were watchin' from their windows,
My friends all know me as General Lee. I'm the Gerneral Lee,
I bet I'd move it all a little
If you've got a warrant just read it to me
'Cause I'm plum-flipped over you 'Cause you're my baby, uh huh uh, you're my sugar
With a heavy heart, and my hat clutched in my hand
And I watched her as she floated down And only say that you'll be mine
And by faith we can see it afar;
I'll be here in sunshine or in shadow
Ottowa
Caught a miner cheating I shot the dog down
And with a little bit of help with an adapter kit
And I give it my best shot
He said, "I'll pay you a quarter at a time starting tomorrow
Who farmed the Phoenix Valley,
And momma you know that I'll be there when I check in my load
Then the father hen will call his chickens home
Then he said, "Son, you're wise, young ambitious man
I thought I heard the shuffle of the angel's feet
And they'll go swimmin', compliments of me: The General Lee
The life I love is making music with my friends
Pickin' up a little bit of steam
And I'd let that lonesome whistle
Said you know I been laying here, watching that sun come up
Go on, I've had enough, dump my blues down in the gulf.
Understand your man, you hear me talking
Just this old guitar and an empty bottle of booze
Go and tell that midnight rider
And when I see you coming, I will rise up with the shout
She was in Korea and Vietnam
Insisting that the world keep turning our way
Someone to care Feeling unknown
Take a look back there:
Now did the Lord say that machines ought to take place of the livin'?
Seein' things that I may never see again