I'm the truth and these other boys phony, it's a movie so act like ya know me. I'm A lyricist to the death so I got what ya need, Ludacris,
Now your car just stopped on a empty tank
And if y'all don't fuck with us, then we don't fuck with y'all either I'm a motherfuckin' beast (When the liquor get up in me)
Cause you know it got sold out
Hard to survive
She be jigglin so much, she got me jiggling all of my wallet
Because my side mirrors flap like a fuckin' bird
An everybody wants some cause hoes gotta eat too [Chorus: x2] Cant turn a ho into a housewife
Put the needle on the record
Thieves keep robbin'
Don't have to straighten facts, don't want no strings attached
Brothers and Sisters if you know you got your thing together
and there is enough for everybody in da party
Luda!
You see them headlights? You hear that fuckin' crowd?
Just get a couple of girls that shaking they thangs
Nigga you's a grown man, get yourself together
You the artist, I'll be ya manager,
Every relationship failed to take a toll on you
Uh, yeah, what?
Now tell me who's your housekeeper and what you keep in your house?
Watch me, pull up on me real sweet in a drop
And your tip toeing through my mind with your heals on (Get it girl) Chorus
And if you like in the club we can do it
Ah shit
Scream help
Yeah, Luda She got them handlebars
So put your fires out, and stop burning 'Cris' bridges
Make a left, you're gonna come all the way down
For some pocket change
I'ma wipe the seats with you drool then rub the hood with a diaper
She an alley-cat type that chickll scratch you up
Neighborhood call me the plug of the plug
Half a million dollar car, half a million dollar watch,
Take a look at yo' life and no wonder you so sad
And everytime I rhyme I'm puttin' rappers in the ground
When I know that my stereo's taken away (I need my music, man!)
And the fools, we gon' clock one and we'll pop one
Hoping for American twenty inch, pies
i don't care if the kids is watchin, i'll stir it like mutha fuckin coffee
Neighbors catch contacts, from the blunts that I've rolled
Move over! Luda got something to say
My my chick bad, badder than yours I'm the baddest chick and they don't call me that for nothing
Drip down, let it trickle down, dig her down
Calling yo' bluff with Puff eating cheesecake
willa, i'm under my pillow stayin strapped up
Know what I'm sayin'? I'm on another level though
Come on, fire! And you know I can't stop 'til I retire!
I beat it right and leave it good sore
Hi-tec boots spray painted witcha names
Cause we keep it hood hood,
I'm from G.A , G.A - Georgia [Chorus: x2] Georgia , Georgia , Georgia , Georgia - Georgia How low can you go? How low can you go?
Catch 'em at they locka (hoo-ahh, blocka blocka)
Like, eh, eh, eh Runaway love
I got a empty hole in my chest
I'm just lettin' you know that this me
(Hell yeah, Hey DJ bring that back!) Go on wit ya big ass! lemme see something
can tell she's a figure five. so we luv dat...
Man whatcha gon' do? act a fool
Man, hold on, let me see dog
We going Two miles an hour, so everybody sees you [Repeat: x3]
or how things used to be I got memories in the corner of my mind
'Cause I got a couple mouths to feed
She ain't for that he say, she say
You bitch can't com-prehend, let me put one in your boot
That's been, two-wayin you all week
Then walk away with a clean slate, catch me out in A.C.
Somebody take a trip down to the store.
Then shag now and shag later 'til these women can't stand straight
Whoever she been with, he just ain't hittin' it right (hittin' it right)
But nowadays I'm losing all of my friends, let the story begin The grass is always greener on the other side
Get slapped up
Yea the door kinda fucked up so you're gonna have to, uh
Stay the fuck up out my business, 'cause it's mine, oh mine Timbaland
Beep! Beep! Bitch back it up
Twin glock .40s, cocked back
"Here, you deserve this doe. Now jump on stage and work a pole"
Maybe your girl and my friend can trade, tag team, off the ropes
I crush mics until my hand breaks
I'm thinking 'bout killin' my boss today (it's just a thought, man)
I got a Chevrolet on 26's,
Cause I've been places where you'll never imagine, but I'ma start at home,
I got checks gained a lot of respect now everywhere I go they holla my name (Luda!)
Been patient waitin' on my set of wheels
My niggas never listen but I told 'em
So, shop till you drop, or till it makes you psychotic,
'Cause ain't nobody got sex like you
Whats the remedy
I'm comin' for that number one spot! Causin' lyrical disasters, it's the master
Let a nigga get a little cut up girl I come from the eighth planet in the 19th galaxy
Fuckin' up that bed frame
And then maybe Santa Claus will come around my way
Tell me who's your weed man, how do you smoke so good?
I'm a number one patient and delighted to be
I beat the pussy to pieces, never lettin' the cat off the leashes
"Man, when you take that shit back, it's true" "Look anyway, look baby"
'Cause I move in speed not to get caught up in this fake shit
Cause on my waist there's more Heat than the Shaq Attack
We can do it every other kinda way.
Think not, I'm the thrilla in Manilla,
The Wooley mammoth saber-tooth, bitch bite your tounge
How low can you go? How low can you go?
(Hell yeah, Hey DJ bring that back!) How you ain't gon' fuck! bitch out me?
Shoes got muddy and my clique turned cruddy
I'm feelin' so sexy See you got me
When you get on the flow (nigga throw them 'bows)
And how the colors coordinate wit ya clothes,
You disappear like "poof, bitch be gone"
We've been conditioned to think The grass is always greener on the other side
Give it to me now, give it to me now
Evacuate the building and trick the pigs
When I'm at the crib I'm mad I'm not at the club lit
Sweat for the lemonade, sweat for the tea
Swag is through the ceiling, these haters mad as fuck,
So fill up your cup and lift your lighter
Hit it in the sun up in the shade.
Whole lotta dope fiends, trying to scheme the workers
Caldasac trap, Mr. Good Stuff
Pimpin, if your Vodka and cranberry is really really dark like blood,
My girl went through my cell phone They jingalin' baby, go head baby
Shoo Fly, ho! Kick the bucket
I'm in New York at the Puerto Rican day parade,
I might show you girls a thang or 2
They want to spoil me, treating me like royalty,
Show me what you workin' wit',
What in the world is in that CASE, what you got in that CASE?
Don't care what people thinking
Santa Claus comes to town The royal penis is clean your highness
Where the royal penis is clean, yo' majesty
Say it with me (MCs move the crowd) [Repeat x3] Cry me a river, cry me, cry me, oh
Now I Hit the Caribbean every year in Toronto,
They be saying hey ho Now I be riding in my Bentley coupe stuntin' with the top down
Legs so smooth, clothes so tight
You could be my fire cracker, my tongue finna' spark you up
In the back row at the movie
Watch your mouth unless you out for some mannar,
S.g.!
And if your friends jump in, "Oh girl", they'll be mo' dead
THE BIRTHPLACE OF MARTIN LUTHER KING
Don't knock
So all my ramblers, runners and money scramblers
Rollin' through east pernium, on way to ben heel
Take a break until you ready again and
The Posse Family Cartel, you know what I'm sayin', we real
And we almost extinct so I'm saying it loud,
They turn around and frown, gotta make 'em six feet deep
Is like everyday is her bday
Ain't nothing like the first time (ok)
If you cut all yo money you still be half broke
I've been drankin' and bustin' two
Just bought a plane so we changing the weather now
Please say put yo hands down,
I handle my biz, don't rush me
And I can think of many things that we can do together
Dont be offended by me telling you you thick with it
And rob neighbors in the night creep, creep
On 285, I don't know where I'm goin' on 285, I drink when I drive
Rappers swearin' they on top! (Nuh uh, uh uh)
We buyin' bars out, showin' scars out
SUGA!! Chorus
Globe-trot international post man
Sit back and watch the women get drunk as hell
But it's even better when you slow down or ease to the side
Share all your secrets, all your desires and your fantasies.
Sing! They got my voice for the record and my voice for the beat
And you do not see a woman in sight,
Now we saying (hey ho)
Quick to flip the bird up po'-po'
'Til I close the door and I'm jumping your bones
So, daddy come home in a Cadillac brome, Cadillac brome
And tell somebody you need help in the middle of - Georgia,
While I'm put you up on game
Act like I just do rap
I'm a have your body smokin', take a look at what Luda's cookin'
it's okay to check into that motel 6. $59.95 not a cent more for that dirty
Give me that truck and take that rental back
Swinging all on my NUTS, like an orangutan,
2 fast act a fool
tallywhacker is a rock hard storm trooper
(Hey ho)
(When I move you move) just like that
Keep a D eagle with an extra clip
Need a little bit more than a break from you
Then put the booty of a Swisha at the end of a flame Yeek yeek woop woop! why you all in my ear?!
I would'nt trade you for the world I swear it, I like ya hair and every style that ya wear it,
Like there no remorse for what I did
Arrive to a ho and I'd like to get laid
We rolling on twenties, with the top back
In shoulder height water, please tell that nigga, put yo hands down, if you smell like you been
Ah shit [Ludacris]
"Yeah, thirty karot paid for" "Hey, hey, nigga you wearing my mutherfucking chain again?"
Them god damn toys, do you know what I mean, boi? Now if you warrin' and runnin' from them three-six niggas
If nobody's out here with me I'ma do this shit myself
people watch out 'cause i love them chicks that got a lotta ass, so we luv dat (chorus) bubbles, bubbles, bubbles is in tha bathtub
Now baby love you eva prep
Ludacris
But when I hit bricks won't a damn thing change [Ludacris (Chris Brown)]
Toes all painted, feet all out
Lip gloss traces, your pierced in 11 places
But the higher I climb, the less weight I'm trying to carry
and you're probably hooking up with that girl that's been 2wayin you all week
Like you were shakin' it for some paper
Turnip and collard greens we
The needle hit the record, they was playing this song
Making sure I don't miss the homecoming at Howard,
That's eighty-thousand bucks GONE, where in the fuck did you spend it?
(Lord have mercy)
Four twenty four inch rims so heavy they hold the block down
Trying ta be that bitch, can't no bitch come fuck wit me
And her JJ ain't all in the streets
Went to Magic City saw Nikki in blew flames
Guess it's true what they say when you're havin' fun, the time, it really do fly by
With a mac, with a glock I'ma make 'em say please
Sometimes I feel like running away myself
But why am I so behind?
Cause that where them real niggas at.
Protect your chest, they up to no good
Cause if the po po happen to pull me over
Every where that I went spitting and babbling
And I'm "For you, by you"
Boy whatcha gon' do? act a fool
And how everywhere you turn, I'll be making you wet Shake your money maker
Snow is all around you
Gimme fancy cars, gimme bling-bling-bling, boi
It's been an hour girl, it's time to go
I lost my count baby how many times did I make ya cum?
Cruisin' in the lac,
Have you comin' back findin' nutt on yo' sheets [Chorus: x4] I'm never goin' nowhere so don't try me
Cause I'm breathing on the hills
Fifty to a hundred, then a hundred to a grand
Back up and then drop
Troops, Lottos, and BKs, those was the days
Always ignoring what's in front of our face
I had sad Beginnings when I rap wit no fans,
You in between the sheets, licking and eating sweets
Where'd you get that matching Benz with them windows tinted?
I'll be representing, (Get on that thang) representing , (Get on that thang, get on that thang)
Hannible like they call me jack, Fall back like a starter hat,
But don't get me wrong, shawty gon' let that lead aim
When you throw it
Boy whatcha gon' do? act a fool Talkin' about gats, traps, cops and robbers
Girl I cant get my mind off youoowhooo
Yo left and yo right and you do not see a woman in sight, guess what you guessed it you are not
They carry banana clip and niggas will peel u for ur shoes
You got a fatty girl [Chorus:] Okay, I remember the days
And I'm where I wanna be in my life
You gotta remember that very first time you did something man Ain't nothing like the first time
Still candy in the paint, still riding them things
I'll be breakin' down the doors,
Tons of fun with guns
Ahh fuck it lets go home and make a movie
I'm letting ya know right damn now,
That pussy dropping to the flo'
Hos don't act right
so later on we be rollin
But watch for cock-blocking on my coochie stock options
Was 'cause the block had its eye brows down, ya heard me? It ain't clean in these streets, it's mean in these streets
Nothin' else to do but get her clothes and pack
Gold chain, took that
Dreamin' of Cadillacs, wood wheels and plush seats
And coming up shorter than five Danny DeVitos
Comin at the fatty in a platinum Caddy so back it up fast
I don't' want no birds up in my car, I don't drive no chicken coop,
Shes the type that drive back with the bricks for bucks
Glock Dillinger
The fancy cars, the women and the caviar, you know who we are, cause we pimpin all over the world Sing it hoes,
And my baby's assed out, 'cause I rub my cars with her diapers
Get on in that stankin' Lincoln, crank it up and ride,
Ill climb the highest mountains just to kiss your face
WestSide leave 'em clueless
I dont have it, I dont see no Valle-hoe
If the bottles all gone and your eyes are red
You a lady in the street but behind closed doors you're a fucking soldier
Neighbor's all think that I cook rocks
I mean to be rude, my bass tubes are in a glass tank
i'm good lovin, body rockin knockin boots all night long, we not stoppin
I got my condoms in a big-ass-sack
Think it ain't so, suck a dick!
From the car to the counter to the bed to the couch to the tub to the flo'
Was eating healthy and did away with the junk
And got these niggas slobbin'
But you dont play no winter games
Start that goddamn show, I'm comin' through
Hawaii to D.C. it's plenty women to see,
She said she can take this D, take the D (she said she can take it) Ooh, she got that snapback
Further disappoint my fans
Here comes her nigga
I don't, I don't say shit and they be gettin' naked uh [Chorus:Repeat x4]
PIMPIN! [fading out], sorry unless you tryna do the Beat It entorauge, if your shoes have a buckle
And I just wanna take a lil' ride on your curves
her legs and push them up by her head
You cut the grass and the snakes will show
Drah! 2 furious,
Cause I'm troubled by the things that I see
Lets go shopping Cause a woman needs options and diamonds and pearls
Let a nigga get a little cut up girl Cut up, gettin' brains, in the Range
You must have eyes on your back, cause you got money to the ceiling
When you ride down that two-eighty-five,
Whoa whoa whoa
Sticky, icky, icky, icky [Chorus]
So [Chorus] (I got it right here, in my sex room) Move bitch, get out the way
I guess it's prolly 'cause I been naughty not nice But I'ma straighten up my act, get up on track
I can tell her style by the way that she walks
So grab a hold of your seats while I open your mind
For the rest of my life Chorus: (2x)
I know it's strange
Caterpillar to a butterfly The grass is always greener on the other side
Hit the trunk, grab the pump pump, I'll be right back
Look, I'm from gittero what?
Cause I'll prove it! scratch off the music!
Live in the bank and watch what stank hoes
Stereo's taken away (hey) Gas prices are way too high
Then I might show you girls a thang or two,
And ten carat diamonds on a fat gold wreath
I got Junkyard Dogs, I'm rowdier than Rod Piper
Part-time MC, full-time drug dealer Fuck That!
Sleep, especially at wet willies on Miami Beach, but I drive you off and pay you no attention if
Uh oh! Don't jump bitch, move
I cant get my mind off youowhooo
Whoo! The Red Light District!
Like up on the roof roof tell yo boyfriend not to be mad at me I wanna, lick you from yo' head to yo' toes
So shake, shake it I got my twin glock .40s, cocked back
Fuck the dress codes, it's street clothes, we all street niggas
Is that you papi
But come up short and oh the things that the gun'll do
I'm flexin, ain't that a bitch! (ain't that a bitch!) Bit-Bitches all on my jock, they want my dang-a-lang,
Trying to keep my balance, I'm twisted so just in case I fall
Still reppin' Philly still the Eve of destruction
I brush teeth, brush naps and calm streets
I'm sick of people putting lies in my head (head)
There's places on your body that I'm trying to find,
Inhale some of that dro but blow steam
To get chicks from Portland, Oregon to Portland, Maine Now I roll up torpedoes, get blunted with Rastas
While the boat rock
Pull tha rubbers and swishers up out your powder bag
The Luda-meister got 'em feelin so randy
Maybe you think I'm playin' but this is really far from a mothafuckin' game.
Shawty rollercoaster ridin, Six Flags,
Never would of imagined it
Can you handle what I'm 'bout to do
Give it to me now [Chorus] Your pick time to get hood sick
At work all day and your car, please put your hands down, now look up at the pinky fingers that
And at the age of nine I wrote my first rhyme
But I might pull out them extensions
Some on the fence, some befriended me
I blow some smoke to give my lungs a test
You like it rough I give it rough and I start to pull your hair,
I may not wanna get low so I post it up kinda like a playa do,
Did you forget your fuckin manners, Im loose with banners
Of Player's magazine
Ludacris & shawnna-
Oh! I'm too fast for y'all mayn! Ah, you just came home from doin' a bid
Thats why the credit cards don't come with no limits
Cause most of us niggas is hos too [Chorus] (Ho)
So feel a tingle in yo' s-spine, by the way I talk
Your heart's a beating drum, say it (make love to me)
Get it?
A pig in a blanket, a smoke and a pancake
Ex's ain't acting right, and you so glad to fight
Too much green, too much fun
So put your brakes on, caps put your capes on
And I want to (Sunroof top)
A rebel with a cause,
Your girl don't get to be in the same league
And my fam, get 'em off that payin' them bills
And Women say I talk more game than John Madden,
Let's get arrested for Disturbin' the Peace! (C'mon) Man! This Disturbin' Tha Peace shit gettin' on my nerves
I lay in the sand, y'all lay in the snow and make angels
"Ay what you call that?" I call it Cleveland
So check out the hoes my Cadillac fills
Then jump in the car and just ride for hours,
'Cause I feel inner peace when I'm out of my mind
And I'm a nigga that's makin' cash
Juicy chunky stanky funky
But behind closed doors she a nasty girl behind closed doors she a nasty girl.
East coast, west coast, mid west, dirty south
Eva since the day we met
L'll make you scream [Chorus:] Aiyyo
off in the shower, kitchen floor or the outdoors
8-0-4, 4-0-2, 3-0-1
Ludacris give me 20 push-ups
Baby pull your pants up,
Skatin down old Nat, Gat tooked and lean
Bringin' home men at different hours of the night
You in the wrong league
Drug away by the COPS, or when I'm blowing steam
rooty tooty so fruity and fresh, so fresh and fruity your duties
But that ass a Cali earthquake jiggle to it
A toast to life They say what don't kill me can make me stronger
Fine in them jeans [Chorus:]
Cause you'sa [Chorus] You gotta run in your pantyhose
So um Here comes Santa Claus, here comes Santa Claus
(Get back motherfucker! You don't know me like that!) Who!! S-s-so c'mon c'mon
Don't, get swung on, swung on
Get the fuck back!
How low can you go?(x8) (Squeaky Voice)
Been going and I been flowing I gotta say that Ludacris, a nigga never gonna stop
But I'm the light-skinned version of Mandingo
People told me "keep flowing," they ain't want me to stop
I think about you all the time, all the time, all the time
Next to Bama,
Light skinned nigga turned red but get green
So much money in my jewelry that I'm damn near sorry
Face down, ass up hoe, hands on poles
so magical i come and touch the game, you muthafuckas really lust the game
Our motto, motto, is kill 'em instead, niggas
We could do it slow or have some drinks, it gets in enticing when,
See 'em on Broadway and tap they ass
I think I'll get the blindfold instead
And the first time I got into a fight
One thing about her she get her own money
Nails stay manicured, pretty little feet
And I wanna move from the bed down to the down to the to the floor
Make a couple bucks and buy mama a Cadillac
Champagne with my campaign let me do the damn thing
Filthy south and D's
Girl don't hurt nobody
I may not want to get low
Ha ha O-M-G l-o-l K-I-T Smiley faces X and O's L-M-F-A-O
Next year I got drunk and did it all over
I'm incogneg'
Jingle with your courin, jingle with your friends like
And I been meanin' to tell ya that I really must thank ya when ya Shake your money maker
It smell like badussy, and I don't like that
Now I'm known around the town as that nigga that raps
Flows, rappers just bite still
Georgia brown
You see y'all got it all wrong like women in tuxedos
And parties dont stop til' eight in the mornin' Welcome to Atlanta where the playas play
Mad 'cuz I can't get with you
The owner already pissed cause we sorta late
On taxes y'all writing off hos as dependents
And we may see 'em but we wouldn't want to be 'em dude
I'm flexin, ain't that a bitch! (ain't that a bitch!) U-Up on my wish bone, these hoes get split in two,
While the ladies all begging me to masha tucks,
So... [Chorus] Yeah, Welcome to Atlanta, jack and hammer and vogues'
And when I'm in the court, plead guilty insane
Ain't no doubt about it
9-0-1, matter fact 3-0-5
Nasty stuff, look up, I took her
When Ludacris get in the bed then start fucking
nothin but hatin and a look of disgust so it's a must
Overall country, overall jeans
Yes! they want what they can! [Ludacris]
We memphis niggas [Chorus: x4] North, north, south, south, westwood, orange mouth
Baby, what you got on? I got a black lace bra,
Heeshy
7-1-3, what ya goin' do
That'll put you to sleep,
My chick bad (the pussy rules the World version)
But behind closed doors she a nasty girl, behind closed doors she a nasty girl. I met this girl named Keysha, she was so sweet
Causin' confusion, Disturbing The Peace
Boy I tell you the truth, know what I'm sayin'?
Misty watered colored memories, thinking bout the first time
Why she's not pretty, and nobody seems to like her
Find somethin' I love to do
You all polite and open doors for her
I'm the Prince dick of insanity
I got a fifth of the remy, fuck the Belve and 'cris
One day we on the auto-bind swerving driving,
Blazing like indo flame its time to wake up
I feel like slappin' a nigga today (slap, slap)
Crushin' all challengers
Of those broads
Women break a cuticle
I like open toe straps, but sg talk to em! [Sean Garrett]
Break you off, off, off, off, off until the sun rise,
Are y'all gonna come through or not?
You gotta do it right, what? (fuck, me!) They want it nice and slow, kiss 'em from head to toe
But if you looked in my eyes you'd see the future of a real MC
Get out the way bitch, get out the way Oh no! The fight's out
10 years strong you should act like you know me
With her legs sprawled out like the Air Jordan symbol
Man for real.
Work wit me! let's become one with the beat
Eat a lil' chicken, drink a couple beers
Yeah
Hip hop, R&B;, Pop-tart, what you want?
her baby daddy's out of town, so, uh, you can fuck around.
All my fans convinced me to grow my hair back
Crown Vics, Monte Carlos, even Cutlass Supreme's
Too many rookies
Yeah, alright, alright, alright, hey
From the hills that made high to them G roll traps
Chris breezy (it's me) [Chorus]
Everybody got they killaz with 'em
We gon' do this
[Luda] It's get out, put my pedal to the flow and let's roll! Yes, 7 cars, 8 cribs and ain't a damn thing changed
So I shot the tooth fairy and took my old teeth back
I don't, I don't say shit and they be gettin' naked Luda! It's your world and I'ma touch wherever you want me to touch ya
But I gotta kn kn kn know what's your fan-ta-ta-sy Ludacris-
Oh how I love these pretty ass, hoes
Can it be, Sheila E, Appalonia, Vanity, all mad at me?
Tell me all the things you would do if it was you and me,
Hey, hey, hey
So two drinks a night should help me live longer
Girl I cant get my mind off youoowhoo
Work that track, whip 'em like Kunta
I fuck the crowd up, that's what I do
Swervin drivin, next day we in the sun on the Virgin Islands, if you wit me ain't no time to
Who this nigga thing he is? I'ma house hold name, wit' game spittin' outta my mouth at all times
Haters get sprayed like afro-sheen
Wit ya traffic jam booty, heads pausing so fast, Hey!
I'm taking you places you only see on T.V.,
Like, eh, eh, eh Shake, shake, shake your money maker
Freaks anonymous tonight in herey
Its Gucci [Hook] [Ludacris]
So sweet from the
I'm lit and I don't care what no one thinks
Dracula n I'll get my fangs
What about diamonds and gold, is that what you keep in your mouth?
I throw a grenade and all-in-one bury a clique
So I put her on the stand and I give her the truth
I'm comin' for that number one spot! Yes indeed, Ludacris I'm hotter than Nevada
Right at me, so wack good, put my name on it
(Get back motherfucker! You don't know me like that!)
And I'm asking, why did you take him away?
Let me give you some swimming lessons on the penis
We'd skip school, hit open campus and watch out for street cops
I don't really wanna work; I'm tired
Ludacris, Johnny Rockets when i shoot the cannon
Welcome to my sex room Welcome to my little sanctuary
But I loved getting drunk my first time off vodka (oh yeah)
And I hope you wouldn't mind if I showed you around,
Tell him I need a jacket, New Jordans and a Xbox
Livin' for today and not tomorrow's satisfaction
Hips of a Goddess, watch how I throw em
Why can't be your girlfriend the ghetto?
In the club 7 days a week, find DTP up in this beesh
I used to be out partying every damn night
And all I can think was that it's such a shame
'cause the women love the paint and they can see their reflection
That's cause I'm a shot caller, y'all fools is Crank Yankers
Hey sit in the front row and watch me perform
Later we'll screw and slow it up If you make it fast, I can make it last
but it's 7 today, Ludacris in the back of your Chevrolet, Uh Uh
Fuck, fuck man Ill call Shondrae Aye Mandy, congratulations I forgot to
Put some things in motion, we gone slice hood, and vice hood
Yo, mama turned out, she so popular
Cause I'm hung like a jury
And parties dont stop til' eight in the mornin' Ludacris-
Or give me one more reason to go When all your love is lost
Can I grab the wheel and drive you crazy,
Keep it goin' it won't stop! (What you doin' man?)
How many licks does it take 'till I get to the center
2-0, Mr. Crayola, niggas know what I mean
Gotta keep it moving mami, gotta get that guacamole,
A full body massage and then let's go catch a movie
Make you come back to back you gon' bust like a gun with that
They like a little danger and might not admit it,
We got about thirty grand out
Lookin' for me boy, ya find me, down in Dougherty County in a Small city called Albany - Georgia
And kept learning as my black ass got older
You love it how I beat it
But I smack bitches with no titties that work at Hooters
And St. Nick's never seen nothing quite like 'Cris
Is it cause you'll never sell as many records?
Talk money, and my money, talk back, like Caesar
Fly away
Represent player)
I'll jump off the G4, we can meet outside
Sent him on his way cause I ain't for that talk!
Put this Big Mac into that Quarter-Pound p-ssy, yes!
Rooty tooty so fruity and fresh, I'm fresh and fruity
Pin your body to the ground,
I pulled up wit a million trucks
And when I pull up to the club, I get all the affection
Let me hit you with a little Q and A
"Bitch, this my house" "Mama, mama, I'm on the phone, mama, mama, mama, mama"
Someone should throw me a surprise party for every line,
Don't even look at me ho don't pass go just go straight to jail
It's okay to check in that Motel 6
B-bells are, b-bells are ringing, children singing
Brah, the best women are reside in Africa, and that's real [Chorus] Sing it hoes Pimpin pimpin pimpin, ladies and gentlemen as we ride out, could we have all the real pimps,
For real nigga where you feeling to hoe
or how things used to be Ok, come travel with me down memory lane
Time's of the essence
? gonna creep in ya home while you gone
Fuck this rap shit, we clap bitch, two in your body
Catch 'em in the club throwing pretty ass 'bows
I'm getting nutt while I'm singin this song
Boy whatcha gon' do? act a fool 2 fast, 2 furious
Even got my forty-five
Sip a little bit of this, sip that drink up I'm so drunk when I drive.
My arm underneath your leg legs
Thang from the front
I'm rubbing clits so stay and catch don't try to duck and miss
An why do you think you take a ho to a hotel?
Bet a million (put yo' money where yo' mouth is) [Ludacris]
We getting the cream, I'm through hollering, I'm living my dream
So don't be mad at my raps and try and look at me funny
Black Eldorado, fifth wheel on back!
So get loose and slide off your damn garments,
I used to think that it was way too cold
Check the ratio of men to women and women to men when down south
Yo you still got that girl Stacy from Valle-hoe number
T-shirts airbrushed that read the same
I try to tell em ain't nothin' change but the mileage on the range
Gats that be claimin' they Glocks
If you got late bills and you lost your job
Go against me and you'll be dead like roses,
I got it and hold on to it you knew that I never let it go
Y'all do that BAD stuff, she like it rammed up
Is that your wife, your girlfriend or just your main bitch?
Your folks pick cotton here that's why we call it the field,
Bonnita, freaky lil chicha
We can get the camera,
Her baby daddy's out of town so uhh, you can fuck around
So we love that c-c-c-c Cut up! Know we like that, get that cut up
Shaw make your skull crack
Ho (Ho)
So gulls hold ya weave while I'm weaving through traffic
Long-john drawers, long-john stalls
Believe in your heart, I never intended to make you hurt
With no probation or bail, but this ain't Monopoly
Come undress me,
Hey ho how ya doing, where ya been?
Then at the bachelor's pad, doing what the Virgos do
It's like a scene out
My older cousin need some cheddar too
And when we come back, everything is going to be okay
I'm, in the Playas Circle, this G shit you hoes ain't used ta
Southside niggas throw it up when it's time to get buck
Or give me one more reason to go The biggest mistake we make as individuals
The keys to the beemer,
Legs jerk, overworked, underpaid but don't be afraid
Man, I would of sold him a Coupe we could of played with,
But you's a hell of a distraction when you shake your behind
In the back of the Cadillac and packing emergency action
Lover lover gonna tap that ass soon
We got people to meet and many places to see, Hey!
Aye. Tell me somethin' that nobody else knows,
I gotta whole bunch of girls I'm tryin' to bring by their kryptonite,
Runaway love Now little Lisa is only nine years old
I'll be in another room when I hit from the back
Cause I'm big, you a little star, you just twinkle
And how long will it take to get back back back back back back?!?
This is music muscle mania, my verses on steroids,
And take you back to when I dropped down from heaven
Freaky thangs, we be bout 'em I'm kinda hopin that maybe you wanna kick it in the L.A.C
This here be futuristic
You got me moving, in fact you doing the damn thing
All bent outta shape shape shape shape shape shape shape,
Stacy, Stacy oh, Chicag-hoe
Just because I'm poor they always calling me a faker
Cock tools put chlorine in record pools
Get a sweeter connect, then if I put you up on cane,
It's one mission, two clips and some triple beams
Bulldogs clocking,these lookout boys is hawking,
Scream help play my game, Dracula man I'll get my fangs
For the loving that I get
The models that swallow willin', up under my pillow stayin strapped up
Cause girl I ain't got nothin' but time
And every single night she wanna take me to trial
Like the NBA, you gotta play hard or go home All that shit that y'all talkin', y'all can pop it to them
Bitch, your whole town better love dat
Smoke 'til ya drop out, that's my luck
Drop tops, I'm hittin' yo' hot spots, I'm top notch
We some ATL thrashers,
Finger lickin' never get sick and tired, just take a look in her eyes
Make my own rules, bitch call me the mayor
Fiend at the liquor store,
how i dip up in it, we could make a video, but i got the radio bumpin Jagged
Too many emotions I try to bury
Sweet street pusher
I just don't pay 'em Cut up! Know we like that, get that cut up
But they on for the chase and they want us to come and get it,
And it will take a fortune to get rid of all the pain
Cause see me my pimpin's in 3-D,
i love that cut up 'cause we like them freaky thangs
(Live like today could be your last, man!)
Face down, ass up
Stand up! Stand up! If you live for somethin'
We on the grind in, Georgia
I know what you like baby! [Bridge] [Verse 2: Ludacris]
A brother will never know
A child of the corn been wild since I was born
Then about where your time spent
Ahh, ahh! What's my name?
C'mon Yeah, folk
That can dress like you or impress like you
And for that!, I'll give you everything up under the sun,
uh uh, shorty don't run from it
Why you saying? Just wanna keep all your attention baby
Na na hey If you live for somethin'
Tell tell tell me a secret baby And there ain't nobody in the universe that competes with you,
On the back and leave it drippin' down the crack of her ass
Baby girl you never know I may like it to,
Watch how I put it down You're incredible, edible, unforgettable
When you're going down that ol' Nat Hill and you pass that
I'ma keep smoking 'til I reach my peak peak peak peak peak peak peak peak peak,
Got a pocket full of change and they see-note stacks
I can't hear nothing you saying or spitting, so whats up!
Till I get to the center and let a realer nigga take you home,
You know who we are, cause we pimping all over the world [Ludacris]
I pull up in the black Lotus, you're plaque's are bogus
Just bought me and my cars all some brand new shoes
Overall triple, overall beams
And the shopping stores in New York
And her skin is always glowin'
ass hoe. yeah
And make government officials breathe harder than Darth Vader It's the chicken and the beer that makes Luda keep rappin'
Throw some money on the books, cause I know how to call 'em
And I'ma black belt
Overcast the forecast,
All over the world baby, it's only right that I share my experiences with y'all,
smell the aroma of a ding a ling king Ludacris when i'm in yo house
And I'm having a bad day, don't make me take it out on you! Man! Cause I don't want to do that
Ludacris, fuck like a nigga fresh out of jail
This government cheatin' us, so I'll cheat 'em back
Cause it needs some time to breathe
Speaking in hypotheticals
How I dip up in it we can make a video
Oh! No! Could it be that a G really got you sprung?
when you wanna get up with your cutty buddie, come on and dip up through the
Outnumbered by the dozens at the jazz fest,
I'd keep it to myself cause all I wanna do is see you smile,
I'm feelin' so sexy Well I'm way over on the south side,
Tuck and twist if you don't like it, you're fuckin' Cris
Tell tell tell me a secret baby.
I'm about to call her four eyes and I'll be right back Ain't nothing like the first time
And that's how it went
But my brain's gone really insane
I been puttin' it down here since 83'
Play my game
Got my name in the headrest, read it and weep
A couple a gats, a couple a knives, a couple of rats, a couple of wives
Like Kathie Lee Curtis
But it ain't nothing like that G.A red clay,
I'm Soopafly like Snuka, I smack hoes
Tell 'em I'm far from sober
Hear the rain, feel the pain inside 'em
They gotta make up they mind, because they runnin' outta time
Breaking the whole casino and doing back-flips, man
I'm feelin' so sexy Hey baby
Homegirl made a knot out of the cherry stem
Where the wet paint drip jelly on pirelliz an the chrome on The chevy when I'm choppin in the trap,
If you get in an altercation just hop on your mobile phone,
My girl went through my cell phone So I pull up to the club stunting in a yellow Lamborghini
Na na hey, for the rest of my life If I got one life to live, I'mma party 'til I'm dead
On, your not pimping Yeah, Welcome to Atlanta, jack and hammer and vogues'
Get a tight grip and I grasp 'em
Nightlife running dis streets, it sounds beautiful
I'll clock ya, I'll spring forward, you fall back Every album that I drop has got more than ten bangers
Don't hold back, let the heat spark
Yeah [Chorus]
I'm thinking 'bout robbin' a bank today
I'm good lovin' body-rockin'
And it's pimpin' in my blood, you can tell by the way I walk
You checking up the scene, I'm checking a ho tonight
Now we one song away from tearing the club up
CEO you don't have to see ID
Man your ass here we hoe again
Just thinking about brawling till y'all start bawling
Know that I'ma stay rich so fella's do what you do
Take her legs, put 'em sky high
Only women that can do it like men
3-1-4, 2-0-1
And if Santa doesn't show I want his cookies and his milk
Now them cops tryna throw you in them county blues
I wanna taste them butterican pican peanut buttercups like Reese's Pieces,
And once in awhile just take her Lexus an drive on 285 [Chorus x 2]
(Uh, uh, ooh) Yo, girl you taste
I'll be your lover, your provider, and your confidant.
Make 'em undress in
Rockin Damage, Cross Colour and Paco
Oh yeah, dog you know what Im saying
I'm breezing on by, and no doubt, it's easy to fly
These other guys be out here talkin' but they steady frontin',
Strong armin' mafuckas, like a Russian sickle
$59.95, not a cent more for that dirty-ass hoe
I sold a one thousand copies in my first fuckin' week
My momma quit her job cause I got her workin' with six figures
Won't you come and chill out with the Virgo
Nobody even really knows what for (what for)
They say that I'm a nuisance but I say they all some haters
(Southside, southside nigga what?) Good luck, time to get hood stuck
Ring Hello?
But Imma make it to your crib,
Feels like a midget is hanging from my neckless
Flows poison like Ivy, oh they grimy
So when you go to certain places you'll be thinking of me,
And niggas talking shit I bust em in their chicken nugget [Hook] When the liquor get up in me
Jingalin', jingalin', jingalin', ooh she jingalin'
Played with Transformers, G.I. Joe's and Thundercats
In the DJ booth or in the back of the V.I.P.
freaky things we be bout
So all yall can suck my dick I got em whip like miracle
fat cats i'm ready to tap that, so back that
Keeps her own toaster, makes her own bread
When we were kids Yeah, we goin' send this one out
Tomorrow's not promised today
I gotta enough guns for beef, if you want it that way
I love it when you cross my mind, my mind, my mind
Overall Georgia, we overall clean
If you know what I mean
My first time getting grain I was in the backseat of Rudy car
But I gotta, know what-what's your fantasy (Luda)
Hit by the Neptunes, hit by guitars
You seen me convince your homegirl though Plus she says her life is too hard
Grams homemade baked biscuits,
get that cut up, oh ooh ooh ooooh
So if you cant take the heat, then get the fuck out the kitchen!
Leave on Probation,
With some gasoline drawers I'll be going to Hell
Hey girl, just come and hold my hand
No more blowin' Nintendo cartridges
Ludacris, Disturbin' Tha Peace family. Recognize royalty
Nothing but fights and fussing, plus there's a lot of cussing
This is Faizon Love and uhh, I love hoes
International baller baby Heeshy
Fuck you nigga, man fuck you Fuck you too! What you want to do, scrawny nigga
She be shaking it for daddy (When the liquor get up in her)
I bet the snakes all show once you cut that grass
Don't be mad cause I can't hold my 500 horses
Mouth full of platinum, mouth full of gold
Mama's always gone, and she never met her daddy
Do your stretches don't pull no hamstrings
I claim my territory, my tongue finna mark you up
Mama on drugs, gettin' high up in the kitchen
But you can't be too loud
Jiggle it baby, jiggle it baby I'm playing mini, cause she ain't mini
But when it comes to chocolate,
But I'm barely awake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake,
Lamborghini's and Porsche's, Ferrari's and Vipers
We at least 50 deep
I don't know when to STOP, maybe when somebody's
Co0me to ur senses manye
And I'm about to make 'em choke
Lac' cruisin' , crap shooting,
There's just a thing I gotta know
Bet a million (put yo' money where yo' mouth is)
If you cant take the heat, then get the fuck out the kitchen!
She go to work, and put all these women to shame with it
She proud of it, other women gotta really acknowledge it
Even if I tried
Roll around
You'll soon get it
On the top of my Escalade
If ya tired ya tired, if ya snooze ya lose
For you to know it's not the money, it's the principle
Runaway love
Rearrange
Used to get down at True Flavas, bumpin Key Lo
Fate make your skull crack
Table top or just give me a lap dance
My family's strugglin', I'm buggin', sittin' on my porch
Every muckle a mickle make
An now they jocking the grammar
Nobody has to know, just keep it on the low
I go for broke, a lesson I can't afford
Plus I eat many MC's, but I don't gain no weight The number one chief rocka, clean out yo' rap lockers
Harris Photos, group shots, can you remember?
But my trick ain't for kids, if you dig 'em, you'll get smacked
From one city to the next, Luda landed in the ATL
It's nothin' worse than feelin' alone
Bitches get jealous cause I'm quite cocky
OK, OK, OK
She makes her own money, pays her own bills, always stat fly, keeps it so real,
But she so innocent, when she when she around her mommy
Neighbor-dick dope man
All the different kinds and other flavors, they don't mean a thing,
A titan like Tennessee but she chiefing like Kansas City
Chris breezy, this too easy,
Oh no keep going till a nigga like me say stop
Porno music producer
Give it to me now I wanna, lick you from yo' head to yo' toes
Hit skins, causin' catastrophes
So give me the rope you gettin' wrapped up
So girl you know better that be teasing me with that tang tang
Ne-Yo holla at 'em. Tell me somethin' that nobody else knows,
You got rims on ya truck? Man I got rims in my skates
'Cause these niggas all up in my shit and it's my business, my business
After you break up wondering how to live without 'em?
If I recollect right then you sound like dirt
When I pop that Cris I'm only business and bubbly
Make it clap, make it clap, make it clap, make it
More speakers in the trunk than my ride can handle
We go front, back and side to side, what Some punk just tripped up and made you spill your drink
Is it 'cause I'm wasting my time away
That's why they stay down, they loyal citizens of Zamunda
Shit over here at the Texa-hoe filling up Yeah , I feel that, I feel that
The father bails out; he ain't ready for a kid
Touch it and fall apart like yo High school folder
Roll with the crew or meet the bottom of our Nikes (blaow!)
No roof on the drop head Phantom, it got karate chopped,
In order to get myself some dollar bills
And watch for imposters thats been in the game
Run, run, run from a nigga 'til you can't no more like Forrest Gump
I'ma tell him I wanna I want to (Diamond in the back)
killa for money still a thug get buff
Hey I'm in Jamaica spending massive bucks,
I'm really digging ya lips,
'Cause the girls stay wetter than Michael Phelps
I'm tired of this shit man.
That's the way you like to fuck
I kicked to fifth gear and teared the road apart
Expect when I step through the door
While every night I put that blanket on the floor for her
Pay for mistakes and your exes take a commission
Wit no conscience, broke niggas call 'em non cents
I see the sun shine gazing threw window pain
And then make them people pay
Head down, pussy popping on a handstand Add a chapter to this pussy popping legacy
The better I'm feeling, the more that I'm chilling
Awh yeah, hurry click
Better then I ever seen it done before,
It ain't that hard to find
That's why I roll in from the Southside breeze
Santa never seen the jingle bells on my block
I like a woman that makes her own doe, don't need a lot of help
These bridges burning so fast, we can't just stomp 'em out
Get you wet as a waterpark I'ma have some fun with that
The new Bentley came out my team said LUDA GET IT,
Didn't lie shot his-self in the head with the 4-5
Lower than yo' mamas ever seen it in her lifetime
And I'm close to the edge, so yo' parents can come push me
Sticky, icky, icky, icky Head down, pussy pussy popping
But after we do what we gon' do get ya purse and get together
Go put this in your jaw like weeners and beef franks Chorus (2x) I put too much sugar in my Kool Aid
Had to get my whoopin' in fo's, I was just a po'
Caterpillar to a butterfly Bye bye butterfly
Got seven cars, get all my rims at Chrome Depot
[Luda] It's get out, put my pedal to the flow and let's roll! I'm riding up in, GTO's, and fo'-fo'-two's
On the ocean or in the boat, factories or on hundred spokes
Let's party again
Could be a little pop locking if your girl's top droppin
Took your mama nine months to make ya
Throw it in the air and turn it to sunshine, you make me wanna call the crib
Shady Park you heard just don't go
Before we can hit the park go find a quiet spot
Send 'em to the spa, get a massage then bubble bath,
Still walk around with 5 thousand dollar boots
And make me call you daddy,
Full service
And tonight is the night I gotta feeling I'm about to act a fool
You gotta do it right, what? (fuck, me!) I'm bout to throw some game, they both one and the same
[Luda] It's get out, put my pedal to the flow and let's roll! Assign your name in the streets (sign your name in the streets) Assign your name in the streets (sign your name in the streets) Assign your name in the streets (sign your name in the streets) Assign your name in the streets (sign your name in the streets) Chorus
C'mon! we going party tonight
Pass the bottles, the heat is on
Since fourteen ain't nah hoes stop me
Gonna have a good time
And she ain't gotta do shit but be rich an stay alive
When ya get on the flow (nigga throw them 'bows) All my players in the house that can buy the bar
no wonder why you wakin up swollen I'm feelin you Luda, smokin my buddha, coochie recruiter comin at the fatty in
Now you might come for Vacation,
Doin' so much over in this corner thought we was fuckin' in the party
And take it off and leave nothing but your T-shirts and your panties on
And if you sweat in your sleep then you sweat from me All my players in the house that can buy the bar
She be sliding down that pole (When the liquor get up in her)
I say,
Just seen a big ol' ass, (it's Saturday)
If that was true I wouldn't be drinking this alcohol
Lie through your teeth you could find your mouth, cold
How ever you want it lover lover gonna tap that ass soon
Mess around get your guys hit, a ten hut!
I can make this show stop
Mirrors in the head board, even got a cam cord
And women go nuts just like my bosack
In the end,
And keeps his women all draped in new louis vuitton bags!
What you thank with ya hatin' ass Hehehehehe, you think you fly, I know you not
Waiting for my cue to corner pocket eight balls
Clogged up on alert
But where the FUCK is the waitress at wit my drinks?!
But y'all be hitting my schlong
And needing them double needs Jingalin', jingalin', jingalin', she jingalin'
My people outside and they can't get in
My six pack reverted back to a gut
I'm rich (I'm rich)
Hear what I'm sayin' or heard what I said
After class come with me and can I get a little bit of T-L-C
I'm on a journey yeah I'm on a roll
Tongue skills, yeah I like that, now we on the right track
Head down, pussy popping on a handstand On a handstand
You hos are horrible, horrendous
Try ta make them turn the lights out
Wherever I go they went they my buddies
And don't worry bout me stepping all over ya feet When I move you move (just like that)
Lower then your mama's ever seen it in her life time,
I want to (Diggin' the scene with a gangsta lean) Gangsta, gangsta, gangsta I got five kisses where you want 'em at
I bounce into position like I am vinegar Kama Sutra
(Do you want me to?)
finger lickin never get sick and tired, just take a look in her eyes and you
When I'm askin' if this' minds
Why did you take him away?
Pimpin, if your Vodka and cranberry is really really dark like blood, that's because you did'nt
'Cause this is for the G's, never for the Busta's
All over the world baby, it's only right that I share my experiences with ya'll, cause I've been
Yesterday I quit smoking and swore I had enough
But hos don't feel so sad and blue
With two sides to a book I lick stamps and light matches
I wave to the ocean cause I'm where shores at
Better learn that game shawty
Text her back and told her me too mommy
To just now home come through he want filters a purple,
I'll bang out that air bus so much, we'll make the bed ache
Trying to get me off my grind, but it won't work
Just to reiterate dog those was the days
50 on the 10 to 4,
But I use a full clip, 'cause I'm a full fledged killa
I'm willin' to do what it takes, whatever the stakes
And when your body gets hot, it'll get you licked up and iced down
Everybody with me drunk as fuck
I go scuba diving in Bays at Montego
Wasting my time away? (I can't help it) My grand mama's nerves are bad (bad)
The Rock to the Park to the Point to the Flatlands
So go on big girl, whatchu gon' do? Yeah, umm,
Wake uuuuuuuuuup They say my folkes would do any thing for the fortune and fame
Than graffiti on the wall
And he cried with the trophy, that's like my first rhyme
Matter of fact fuck you, don't need you in my life
Cause I love to walk around like my shit don't stank
Naked in a tub of a Jello
Breaking the rules, I shake fools while I'm taking a cruise
Grew it back then started missing my fade
One of Mini-Me's shoes got more sole than you
She replied it all depends
Bitch, your whole town's on my nutsack
Take me for a fool I'll take you for a joke
(yea, shit fuck)
When I'm at the club I'm mad I'm not at the crib
Every time I do what I do I do it dirty like swine for the dirty and fine hip hop I'm alive! I'm a lyricist to the death and I got what ya need, Weezy F,
Be careful what you look at
I send small cities and states I-O-U's
It's Jolly Green Giants cause we smoke so much broccoli
Blow! Ludacris in the hoouse
Hos by near, an hos by far
Come anywhere on my land and I'll aim at your Georgia dome
People gon' die tonight What you know about projects, hoes, and murda
And how the colors cordinate wit ya clothes, from your manicured nails to ya pedicured toes [Chorus] You hear the song so dance, don't always think I'm tryna get in your pants,cause see me my
Prom night, tux and Kangol was so cool
Ho, bring yo ass! (Ho)
The bomb threaten'd dude that's on your same flight
Just wanna keep all your attention baby
We go-bots and robots so they gotta wait 'til the show stop
Cause I've signed more lines then she's passed on the freeway,
'Cause the block got it's eyebrows down, ya heard me? Age eighteen, I'm strugglin', just to survive
You can be the nurse,
If you jot down ya number you'll get mine in exchange, Hey!
Tell you that shit didnt your sister graduate today?
Nothing must be incorrect
Hell yeah! Hey DJ bring that back!
If they said I'm talkin' shit
Could I marry you if I wanted to I'll take you how you coming
And different area codes I gotta big weed stash, pocket full of cash
Blind folded,
Got a text with a tongue out from a number I didn't recognize
But when I hit bricks won't a damn thing change Bang bang kill a man let his brains hang
Whats up boy?
I'm flexin, ain't that a bitch! (ain't that a bitch!) Bitches all on my jock! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Beat the shit outta security for stoppin' tha fight
On the ocean or in the boat
peep how this playa got skills, get 'em out the Gator high heels
Killin' my boss today (yeah) Yesterday my best friend died (died)
Oh where my kitty cat give a dog a bone
Look like he been swimming In shoulder height water,
I done died and
Yo yo check it out
She whipped 'cause she love gettin' whipped in the whip
I've got hoes, in different area codes (area, area codes, codes)
Respected highly, Hi MR. O'Reilly
(Squeaky Voice)
It turns me on to know I turn you on, yeah OK, OK, OK
'Cause you know that tomorrow's not promised today
I'll be representin', (Get on that thang) representin' , (Get on that thang, get on that thang)
Sticky, icky, icky, icky I gotta big weed stash, pocket full of cash
Shagadelic beautiful but strange
So magical I come and touch the game
I hate my nine to five
So feel free to get lose and get carried away
Still got the crown for best ass in the game
You see the nigga with the white socks not pimpin'!
Private planes I'm on the jet son like Elroy,
I just pick up the motherfucking phone and dial
Two minutes to get the weight, one minute and I'mma spray Fuck That!
Sticky, icky, icky, icky It's illegal but the plants in my backyard grow, that's my bud
Pullin' rubbers and swishers up out your Prada bag
All his reindeer, all his reindeer
But I ain't speaking about balling, balling
Not enough hoes
my niggas never listen but i told 'em
Yeah, man Im about to hit these roomster hoes right quick
That's why I keep my Georgia tech in the state of - Georgia [Chorus: x2] I'm from the home of neckbones , blackeyed peas,
No holds barred
In my sex room, all that I wanted
A what, a new tattoo wow,
But money make me come, go and ask Luda'
Got that blueberry yum yum and it's that fire (It's that fire). (Yes) Fire, fire got me so tired, I'ma stop, drop, and roll,
Others will stay content if you just making 'em laugh,
Ichy finger trigger, man, Luda don't squeeze
I need that type of lovein'
I cant get my mind off youowhoo
Guess what I'm really saying The grass is always greener on the other side
Time to play or better yet it's time to bring out them toys
If you are dancing on the dance floor and you look to Yo left and yo right
Man after Henny with a coke and a smile
Eight figures in the bank and I pull yo rank
Hell nah
Slappin' a nigga today This morning I woke up on the wrong side of the bed (bed)
Robbin' a bank today (real talk) Baby mama's at home and fussin' (fussin')
Stay the fuck up out my business
And it ain't enough room to fit the, other chicks inside.
People gon' die tonight Bronson, muthafucka, give me more than three feet
Hehehehehe, you tote yo knife, I tote my glock Big body Cadillac, women in the backseat,
Baby won't you dance in my sex room
Sheet smusher
If ya got a bitch better keep her on a leash
That it's about to be
But I got the radio bumpin' Jagged Edge by the bed
Yea you a superstar but there's one thing I gotta know so How low can you go? How low can you go?
Do what ya wan' please me)
Peep how this player got skills, get 'em out the gator high heels
I'm a Dirty Bird now but I keep shit clean
My intentions is good for her
Baby we grown we can do what we wanna,
Your the apple of my eye, and I got you spoiled rotten
You got issues with us talkin' shit on mixtapes
Can't stop, I turn and hit the same spot
Throw a dub, a big face or double the stack (boy)
It was me and my crew
Cane, cane sugar man Luda don't go
She can go lower than I ever really thought she could
(Hell yeah, Hey DJ bring that back!) Stand up! Stand up!
Before you cocking them
Im the MBP, Most Ballernous Player
These snitches is after my riches and yes I smell bloody murder When I cock back with a drop dat can't block dat lock dat fools betta stop dat
And all the calories you burn from me making you sweat
But if you fuckin' with my paper, feel the heat from the Glock, nigga We pop bottles, bottles, right over you head, niggas
Sticky, icky, icky, icky Worldwide hustlers get that dough
He want quarters a purple now. I want y'all to trip with it
Proceeded to throw upon my grandma's sofa
'Cause President Bush could give a damn about our ass
I'll let 'em free
"Southern Hospitality" or overall mean
(Get back motherfucker! You don't know me like that!) Hey! You want what wit me?!
V-V-S is be them gems
People gon' die tonight We them filthy niggas from the South, A-Town representas
Barry him told his bitch go to the prom and die
Got a black, AMX, I left home, no Visa
We shooting pool at the Luda-plex, I slap a hundred on the table
Or in back of the classroom
OK, hold on Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Mad cause I can't get wit chick ya just show me how to dance (Oh!)
See I cast 'em and I past 'em get a tight grip and I grasp 'em
Ima be a motivation just you just tryna see if you can break my fucking spine,
Barretas for getting cheddar, you're better off dead off
Vanilla bed sheets, chocolate laid one way
Memphis niggas in this bitch, pockets full, ya know we bail
I got on my right side, pourin' some cups
I'm gonna blast 'em with some snow
Doggy and froggy style, what? (fuck, me!)
I drop you off at, Willoughby and Myrtle
We dirty south
Virgo proof baby run the streets
So for an extra value woody
Trick car alarms, then bend them curves
My first time on ecstacy I stood out in the rain
Money I get it, on the tracks I spit it
Y'all hoes just drink and drive, my woman just drink and fly
Check the size of my meat
The black rolls with the dozen attack flows
You're my nasty girl forever I promise [Chorus] I got a doctor girlfriend that tells me come home soon
She make a nigga wanna holla even throw a couple dollars
And they just won't let me be
G Road, niggas gone
Promise that they'll always be tight till the end
If you can't swim, don't smoke my hydro
Oh! Yeek yeek woop woop! why you all in my ear?!
The last ofa dying breed, and we almost extinct so I'm saying it loud,
A knock on the do', who is it?
Got 'em sayin' (hello)
Pretty ass high class anything, goes
And you makin' me, yeah
That's why you find me in the club, every once in a blue moon
Get out the way bitch, get out the way Here I come, here I go
So while you contemplate making your first million
Shawnna-
Somebody gotta give you some vitamin D, you know what I mean?
And let a reala nigga take you home
Jingalin', jingalin', jingalin', go head, she jingalin'
But got a gig workin' for change at 97.5
thicker thighs
Like the stock exchange
I can break 'em off in the shower, kitchen floor or the outdoors
when i catch you at the game runnin game at the AUC
DTP in the club, we comin' more than three deep
I guess I gotta learn to live with regrets
Thank God for the man who put it in my hood,
I'm big you small
(You feelin' so sexy?)
You want what wit me?!
Head down, pussy popping on a handstand [Chorus: x3]
But I'ma tell you like this bitch
When ya get on the flow (nigga throw them 'bows) (Nigga throw dem 'bows)
With the petal to the floor, radar in the grille
I said my girl went through my cell phone
Gotta keep a tight grip on that donkey
to figga the bootie's gettin slapped up i luv them chicks that be thick as a loaf of bread, long as i can still grab
We'll come through your hood worst than a tsunami disaster,
Or we can do it on stage of the Ludacris concert
Stay on the track, hit the ground runnin' like Flo-Jo
Check out the oil my Cadillac spills
You rackin' 'em up, Im big paper like pancakes, stackin' 'em up
Easy, I feel greasy
Hair so fine make you do the hokey Pokey
To the chicks who don't
Get ready for blast off, waterfalls gon' splash off
Sick from the lips, caramel wanna try it My chick bad
JoJo K-Ci and Mary
I tell you I Made It like Mike Will
Alright, not so bad, let me go on an' tell you how to get here
I'm the god damn reason you in VIP
Brush my shoulder and I, pop my collar
In a private clinic and I need you to be sensitive about my condition
Still no competition
And you go past Kincaid, get ready to go past that Cambleton Road
'Cause I'm dat bitch that still keep a mean fetish
(Northside, northside nigga what?)
goonie goo goo, we cut big foots and woogies
brown suga, girls dem suga, world class lova, Karma Sutra porno music producer
Glocks up, hats down, fiends in these streets
(buck buck buck buck buck buck)
You know what I did
'cause I slang brown, white, yellow, purple and green
But she really don't be talkin' 'bout nothin'
Shake 'em like LeBron, shoot 'em like Kobe, if they say chill I just pay the police
with a purple helmet made for crushing pink cookies
It's better to love and then lost than to never have loved at all
Then I'ma hit every single one of your spots and really you don't need to walk me through it
Where the chicks put tips in the tip cup,
That I ain't learned a damn thing So I'm just sitting in this rehab class
Row of bad bitches and they all look Brazilian
Now your friends just smoked up your brand new stash
I'll be out in that new Ferrari, I be spilling out champagne
So much money, you can't stop that Are you custom-made, custom-paid, or you just custom-fitted?
Droppin' lyrical bombs up in ya' hood,
If you're tired be quiet and go to sleep, hoe to sleep Man, I tell a hoe to go to sleep (go to sleep)
'Cause the block got it's eyebrows down, ya heard me? I'm still back for the first damn time
9-0-4, 4-0-7, 8-5-0
You motherfuckers really lust to gain
Then go eat at the finest restaurants around the world
Pulling on the reins Bells are ringing, children singing
Get your lighters, roll that sticky, let's get higher (Let's get high).
Your whole crew is weak and my squad is real cash getters
Young and successful, a sex symbol
The original bread winna of DTP
In it to get in it and get in it again
I'm the doctor (Doc' feel me in),
Nothing lesser than the best
She's steady tryin' to figure why the world is so cold
First everything, home brewing, bitch swing
Went to heaven
Let's ride Two miles an hour, so everybody sees you [Repeat: x3]
"Hello, who on the phone, get off the damn phone
All the record companies bite me, but I chose Def Jam
So insane how you move it, love it how you drop it like it's hot
Ladies and gentlemen as we ride out,
Macks with no grief and some sacks of green leaf
You see I live a life filled with chicken and malt liquor
And the balling ass niggas wit the candy cars
Even your daddy knows
Cause a ride or die man for his ride or die chick,
And she got to work with a smile on
Cause I think you a superstar,
We make 'em loose weight, when we Jenny Craig, niggas All of ya'll is half nice, half thugs, and half assed
Hydraulics all around so I shake the ride
I love how they seem to please us
And the bigger the cap, the bigger the peeling
I got my own record label, you heard of us
That's how the rent car no the cell phone get paid
I keep dwellin' on the past, babe
Legs jerk, over worked, under paid but don't be afraid
Friends talking 'bout "that's supposed to be you, girl" [Hook: Miguel]
You give me that good and plenty And I walk around all day grinin'
Especially when you had hoes and area codes on you
or how things used to be Oh, you gotta go, you gotta get your ass out
Waitin' for a nigga that's new to make it up
Love is the bu-bubbling back of your waistline
I'm so hungry with the munchies I'ma eat everything, in sight.
We had to stay strong
People gon' die tonight Bang bang kill a man let his brains hang
Back to rap then starting missing them movies
I hate it when it's too many niggas
Eastside, eastside nigga what?
Cause all they do is doubt us
We can get the mattress goin' 'eh-err, eh-err'
I'm D.U.I., hardly ever caught sober
Like somebody 'bout to pay ya
Your diamond and your pearl, say it (make love to me)
And dough!! I keep it flipping like acrobats!
Mix soda, with the syrup, we be leaning like the Tower of Pisa
And leave a lot of people with a gap tooth smile
Act like my rims ain't clean
Go low,(go low) lower than you know,
Is it 'cause I'm wasting my time away (too lazy)
"Get off the phone nigga, ya'll coming through though?" "I don't know, I don't be feeling like drivin'"
Shell suck your pocket dry like Dracula
She says that she want to come and build with the God
No matter what I just kept at my trade
Horseback and I'll get my reigns, school teacher let me get my brains I wanna, lick you from yo' head to yo' toes
And I'm thinking 'bout killin' my boss today
What's that
We can weed some of these niggas out, cause it's no way that all these niggas could be pimpin, no
Now it's time to choose I got my twin glock .40s, cocked back
Yeek yeek woop woop! I ain't playing around!
I'm drunk (I'm drunk)
Cause if love will drive you crazy I belong in the insane asylum
It seems they wanna finger print me and gimmie some years
Wanna hang with the big boys and play with the big toys
First check for rapping on back for the first time
I know what you feel yes! [Chorus] [Bridge] [Ludacris]
I tried to tell 'em, but they don't want to listen
Tryin' to have his way and little Lisa says 'ouch'
Shit that he has to say
Ever since then, she been yapping a track
Bet that booty pack a mean punch and Ima spike it, huh Why you saying
Bustin' like three eighties
If you see him ashy around the knuckles,
If I walk away from dreamin',
Watch how I put it down Put it down like ay,
Tell her Ludas got more records than the DJ,
Jimmy Choo fetish keep me fresh like lettuce
Really got me thinking ain't no such thing as a good cop
She stimulate the five senses
Let them other cats holla
"Shut the fuck up"
Checks all my vitals like a docs supposed ta
People gon' die tonight Fuck That!
But it just ain't cool 'cause right on afta, I'ma have to go
It's my car's birthday so we blowin' them candles
3-1-8, 6-0-1, 2-0-3
Burners along my waist belt, gotta put up my pants like I'm urkel man
So, dont be quick to judge, shorty bad as f-ck
Cartrage all around you
Stand next to this money
Now I'm pullin' in the driveway,
I was always taught to use my manners with the misses
In court I never show up, like Austin Powers fa-zha
Now don't it sound absurd
And go Two miles an hour, so everybody sees you [Repeat: x3]
Yeah, alright, alright, alright,
Hair lookin' like she just came from the shop
Then later on we'd be bonin'
You sipping man, quit tripping man, stop acting like a ho
I know that very well,
And my Lamborghini Aventador sneak it on the block
I like it when I see you do it,
Ain't a damn thing changed but the ice on my chain
What the fuck? Hell, no, nigga Hey, yeah! I want all you proud sisters to stand up
Plus I wrote my first son when I was nine
3-3-4, 2-0-5, I see ya
But, I guess what you don't really know don't hurt
Your performance commands respect
But Twista love them Chicago and South hoes Come up out yo' negligee, freak 'em on a regular day
Ludacris lyrical fool
And the tell me what they fantasy
And damn the girl so 'bout it, yeah the crown she got its
And bust the bitch wide open cousin
I see the ho rising
Let's party again I need party girls in my party world
When you squeeze me
But for what it's worth I'm ready to pay
So much money, you can't stop that Now where'd you get that platinum chain with them diamonds in it?
We can turn the bed room
Say shit and they be gettin' naked
To your every fantasy
I got rich and learned life was a bitch
Winning, drilling and killing the feeling
When ya get on the flow (nigga throw them 'bows) Dirty South mind blowing Dirty South bread
And I'm goin' so deep they tellin' me all of they deepest and darkest secrets ya I need party girls in my party world
When it gettin' on, won't be cheap when it on like peach tree,
Tuesday night, Im up in the velvet room, gettin fucked up
Then I got lazy and started to wanna kick back
I see them drugs got y'all trippin' too soon
Friskier dreams
When I'm in the 6 wit 20's spinning I'm luxury
No wonder why you wakin' up up swollen I'm feelin' you Luda', smokin' my buddha, coochie recruiter
Fo' you get it cut free shorty just shave;
Tax free, and I know a lot of people that love to screw
For the rest of my life Na na hey, oh
I put my necklace in her face and told her read the chain
But I gotta, know what-what's your fantasy I wanna get you in the Georgia Dome on the fifty yard line
"Nigga I can, you told them hoes the truth
F is for all the
What in the world is in that ROOM, what you got in that ROOM?
The mall without a doubt
Wit all that shake, can a player get some fries with it?
So I stripped them off the wall
Are still in the air, if you see him ashy around the knuckles, like the nigga wash half of his
Cause ecstasy's your destination and I'ma take you there,
So I can wake up in the morning wit a story to tell
World class lover, Kama sutra
Drop that apple bottle right down on my banana clip
Make it clap, make it clap, make it clap, make it That girl hella bad, I wanna pop hella bad
Gonna give it a squeeze, cause them lips, hips style
Whoop ass, let security carry em out
How many try to hustle with Dealer then went broke
Forget about the past, now's a better time than never
'Cause the block got it's eyebrows down, ya heard me? Yea-uh, here we go here we go here we go
Up nigga, it's Scrappy, O-K-K-KAY!
Soft supple and delicate
And thats on or off road
Freaky thangs, we be bout 'em
I puff the magic dragon & then blow smoke out of my nose
I mean how did I think of that, Now like a rental bring it back,
I'm talkin' down home
drippin down tha crack of her ass
Frosty's never seen nothing quite like this
Every single one of you bitches get murdered
And I fiend for the ride, I lay back and lean to the side
And shawty star, zig zagging her derriere for me
Oh! Oh! Oh! What? (fuck, me!)
Long as I can still grab her legs, and push 'em up by her head
So abide by the call of the streets
I'm comin' for that number one spot! (Alright)
D-low make your skull crack
Yeah, it's just a way of the world, with boys and girls
Sunday, is when i get my sleepin'
Act like I don't make cloud, how you gonna act like I don't get loud?
And I'm a pimp so it's time that I exploit they ass
We in the huddle all smoking that Cheech & Chong
I treat humans like students
I'm just tryna get struck by some lightnin'
All white coat, all white heels
Judge Luda preside over your body and I'm never in a hurry
If men sleep around we some players but for women they be saying She likes the night lights, brights lights, big spending
I'ma hold you forever,
"Oh Shorty, I got you, the new Benz truck on your grommie"
And I like my cakes with some icin'
Don't always think I'm trying to get in your pants,
You at a place like some D's on a Hurst
You better get a couple towels baby
Hand me down a 50 pack Swisher Sweets box
The chickens just scream, whole crew balling they sick of my team
Me and Puma smoking weed and breaking all of their rules
You already know what's up.
Got that blueberry yum yum and it's that fire (It's that fire). [Chorus]
He ain't hearing my shit.
Love a combination big ass and tight jeans Chorus (2x) Boy you done lost yo mind
Dtp stay doing thugged out, thangs All my players in the house that can buy the bar
hit skins, causin catastrophe, get penned by me and my family
A couple a cans a whoop ass, you did a good ass job of just eyeing me, spying me I got my twin glock .40s, cocked back
Give me that gusher
Sticky, icky, icky, icky
'Cause everybody in the camp is like, oh my God, she could... Shake your money maker
I'm a get my video camera, lets make a movie baby
They just defensive in so many things, man
Gotta learn the hard way, when runnin' them streets
Read your horoscope and eat some whore d'oeuvres
Grand Prix's, S-S's cause we so so cool
Ice skating in the drive way, I'ma do it my way
And it's me they wanna kill
she gimme tha booty, i'm breakin it off i can't tell her stop
I'm in Jamaica spendin massive bucks, while the ladies all beggin me to masha tucks, I had sad
Sorry unless you trying to do the Beat It entourage, if your shoes have a buckle
Then put some spice up in your life just to get a taste
Work, I'mma call off
And enough to retire off two albums, gone, wave ya' white flags, I'm hot!
they adrenaline rush wonderin why they don't be bustin the same i'm clutchin my thang, stuffin it in, strokin it down, beat tha stuff up
U can call it kill or be killed street
Erica is stuck up in the world on her own
When I was at Banneker High School pulling fire alarms
What you doing? I'm all alone in my room,
I want to (Diggin' the scene with a gangsta lean) Diamond in the, diamond in the, diamond in the I'm sick and tired of ridin' public transportation
Said this is Stacy and I've been missing you
Santa Claus comes to town Oh yeah, I hear the sleigh bells ringing and the jingle bells rock
Santa Claus comes to town Yeah, chestnuts roasting on the fire in the hill
I'm just a bedroom gangster
Cause I can drink a fifth of gin and it don't hurt
I got suede on my roof wood grain on the dash
'Til the very next morning I was hung on over (uh huh)
Pass the E&J; and let a nigga get right
The fancy cars, the women and the caviar,
It's only one girl really knows what she about
I cant get my mind off you youowhooo
'Cause the block got it's eyebrows down, ya heard me? Age fourteen, my talent show a beast outta cage
I'm a Christian)
(Eastside, eastside nigga what?)
Nigga then O-D on VSOP, and if not now slowly but surely
Gave it to her yesterday while she was doin' laundry
Before you make it big well there's just one thing that I gotta know [Chorus] (Luda) [Verse 3]
Hooked up with my nigga 'cris, then we head to a-t-l
Go low (go low) lower than you know, I be like nick-nac-paddy-wack,
chil-li-li-li-li-n.. what Yo, Yo.. Yo..Yo, Yo,
Then I wanna, you make it so good I don't wanna leave
Explorer like Dora these swipers can't swipe me
Where your body meets my body
(Time to re-up)
'Cause you know that tomorrow's not promised today (it's not promised, man)
You better not of came, she want to feel the pain
Sex as a weapon
So when I leave this bitch I'm taking everything with me
Roll around Georgia Brown that's the way I like it twerk
Girl its you no one but you
Not all, just some
And if you down for no bad then we up to no good,
I know what them girls
NO! (C'mon, nigga why?)
But if you come to the crib,
Back seat of my boy's ride just laughing for no reason
You'sa Ho (Ho)
And up, get yaself in this clique
The rock to the park to the point to the flat lands
Ran out of liquor
Use ur brain homie do the right thing (let me talk to ya)
Call me Mr. Magilla-cutty, chasin' booty soft as silly putty
Runaway love Little Erica is eleven years old
by the way that she walks, fatty flickin like it has dubs on it
Trying to get from the botton to the top
Smoke and drink off for my health like I don't need nobody else
So in the sack, talk to me, tell me whats on your mind,
I got it baby,
Screw what ya screw
We'll knock out your spotlight and put an end to your vain
Like, eh, eh, eh Shake your money maker
And if ain't good then I trash 'em while you stash 'em
Ladies whatcha gon' do? act a fool
Play cops and robbers,
Oh lawd, more styles than a barber shop, call the cops
I love big cheeks in between them sheets
She seems to know, just what to do with it
So I don't wanna hear shit that he has to say (Don't say nothin')
Now my flow got the flu,
Practice in front of that mirror
Come into this room, (into my sex) you know what I'm a do.
Watch out for the medallion my diamonds are wreckless
Hmm, what about that pimpin'? It's good tippin'
Now all you wanna do is get drunk and pout
Little do they know that I'm callin' shots
Ropes and handcuffs, what? (fuck, me!) I'm bout to throw some game, they both one and the same
I be representin', (Get on that thang) representin' , (Get on that thang, get on that thang)
All the time,it ain't
Sing it hoes,
Put it in reverse just to back it up
And I'm so high, I think I got a nose bleed, you gotta nose bleed?
This is the blues but not all hill street
What what [Chorus: x2] Turn the lights off I be representin', representin'
Don't stop, (Get it, get it)
Runaway love Runaway, runaway love
Now ladies look around wit me,
But enough about me let me think
I got 5 Georgia homes where I rest my Georgia bones,
Eating fresh fruits sweep yo woman right off her feet I wanna, lick you from yo' head to yo' toes
'Cuz I like that French vanilla and the caramel
I know you handlin business, can I get your 5 minutes?
Lets go! [Chorus] [Bridge] [Ludacris]
Late nights I'm in they studio and using they tools
From A-T-L-A-N-T-A and all the way down to your block,
Makin sure I don't miss the homecomin at Howard, Hawaii to D.C. it's plenty women to see, so if
Hurry please 'cause I need some snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks...
Drop albums non-stop once a year for my fans sake
"Hey hey, you took that Rent A Car back"
'Cause I got that head game
Tell, tell, tell me a secret baby So we can talk about your fantasies,
If anyone talk bad about the dirty south
Get us out so someone can gun us down
And women cheat better than men we don't disturb them
Now it's all happy endings in my lap in Japan, Hey
You best pump brakes, 'fore I pump shells and blood oze
Was back when Big Nose John was my human beat box
In the garden all in the dirt
Hold up wait up, shorty
Women on they cell making long john calls
Just give me your body its guaranteed that I'ma
I'm strippin' bitches and I'm a ball fucker with a limp
Girls dem sugar
Girl its you no one but you I love it when you cross my mind, my mind, my mind
But when we see each other it's gon' be some weird energy
So good it make 'em wanna tattoo my lips on 'em
In it to green
You don't ever need a horse or saddle
Now thats what I'm all about
And everybody in the hood is mad (mad)
That I learned how to ride my bike
Only know you can do it
Throw away the key, its a rap bitch!
Get her wetter than scuba divers, these fucking groupie groupies,
And I got just what you want baby girl you want it,
'Cause that's fo' sho, I'm from the GOAT, you gettin' that pussy poppin'
Smiling in my face when I'm around y'all
Its Ludacris Mr. Slay-A-Bitch
They may the mold of the penis enlarger off me
Yo ass don't show up it's more women for me, Heyy [Chorus] I'm in New York at the portorican day parade, thn at night I'm in New Orleans drinkin hand
Automatic thickness for eight
If you happen to see a nigga wit two sweat patches up under his arms,
But no pork on my fork, I don't even speak pig Latin
I'm black with a scheme, won't stop until that fat lady sings
See I cast 'em and I pass 'em
Oh nigga, you cant come get me?
Body is so angelical, a rebel with a cause
Bitch, your whole town better love that
I want to (Diggin' the scene with a gangsta lean)
But maybe this aint the life you choose
When I pull the gold actor
Shit that he has to say (woo) Troops gone, and we still at war (war)
Yeah you a superstar
Like, eh, eh, eh Switch, switch, switch it from right to left and
And continue on my mission, fishin', for the yum yum, but I'm movin' slow. Get your lighters, roll that sticky, let's get higher (Let's get high).
Diamond princess straight VVS stuntin
Twenty inch thighs make twenty inch, eyes
Tell her she should blow me like candles on ya B-Day,
Head down, pussy popping on a handstand Every time we hit the club
Got that blueberry yum yum and it's that fire (It's that fire). Get the propane, rollin' things and let's blow this place up,
Can't catch the balls then
I don't wanna hear shit that he has to say
Candles and a pole sets your body to your soul
I fall in and I lay in it
I just love when I'm high, I don't know here I'm goin', on 285, on 285, on 285 [x2] [Ludacris:]
But I really don't give a fuck.
Practice in front of that mirror,
What's up?
So hurry up and come get some, if you want some
'Cause the block got it's eyebrows down, ya heard me? It ain't clean in these streets, it's mean in these streets
Help me take my boots off and my snow suit off
How low can you go? How low can you go? I could go low (go low) lower than you know,
Put it in your weed, nigga, puff that
Cause on Monday we be at it again, Holla! Yo, Yo.. Yo..Yo, Yo,
Jang-a-ling dang-a-ling
Stereo's taken away?
Bumper firm and heavy set
And it's my business, my business
Should I let you loose nah
I'll show you some of this bank roll,
The first time getting high I had to take another hit
So I could get a crowd around me, make a name for my block
Speakin' of hoe's oh yes we meet em and we G' 'em dude
What I'm supposed to do? It's such a sweet thing
Getting goosebumps when her body tap the six inch heels
Keep talkin' how you talkin',
Luda, 20, Fate, Shawnna
I'm like ooh the girl deserve it, man, nobody so perfect
No peace in the streets
All black tinted up thugged out, Range
Havin' young ladies
Fo' the invasions of haters, man crews from all around
You might go blind in my briefs cause my dick is too long
In your condition I'm wishin' you'll take a lickin'
She replied what the fuck
Since the late show MD rivalry
Clothes that I slept in
So now we eating lobster shrimp and thangs
I got my heart broke by this girl I like
And yall just got hipped
And watch the bottles start flyin' from the V.I.P.
Make one false move I'll take ya down
Don't you act like you afraid of shit You know I got it
Jiggle it baby, jiggle it baby Yeah, gonna jingle with the mister
(I'm not supposed to
Playstation 2 up in the ride and is that Lorenzo-kitted?
We invented the game
What's up baby?
Think I'ma try something that I ain't, that I ain't never did before on this one
It's too many holes in my socks, and I'm ready to box
Read in between that fine print, think about lyrical con-tent
But I'm out for the night, so pass that dro
Street survival or survival of the street
You wanna be starting somethin
Never had a holster, I keep it on my lap,
I told ya' how to think about it, now I want to tell how to get the thing together
Plus you've been pacing through my mind all the time Chorus
Hold the line I got ya momma on 3-way,
When I ditch these trainin' wheels I want to (Diamond in the back)
She a lady in the street ain't nothing fake about her booty
How many licks does it takes
Now the girls see me and a river's what they cry me
You... you lookin' good in them jeans
(chorus) cut up getting brains in the range
Off this beat and I'm full of dat Yak Yak Yak Yak Yak Yak Yak Yak,
And a, and another one
My my my chick bad, badder than yours
Even if its cigars in that purple colored dank
Your ear, your neck, your stomach, or your back.
How you gonna act like I don't rock crowds?
'Fore he end up tamed and be gone all in the brain shawty
Stronger muscles exercise every part of your body hurts
Please don't stop it until it hurt, girl
What's my name, what's my name, what's my name
Get two in your butt
So we can have sex but I can't be your lover
She got a crazy little figure, nice round ass, walks so proper, talks with such class,
Knowin' her mama will blow it all outta proportion
Chop chop, chunk it up fat man herb I gotta big weed stash, pocket full of cash
I-O-U so I-E-U mean I eat you. (my sex)
Or behind your head is how I gots to get ya
Cause it's no way that all these niggas could be pimpin', no
find me
And party like a kid wit a high top fade
Now them gulls up the block still runnin' they mouth
Why can't work feel like retirement? I want to (Diamond in the back)
Proceed to stay clean
Try to make them turn the lights out
Betta wear your cake, cause they bringing that kryptonite, [Chorus] [Bridge] [Chorus] [Ludacris]
Like, yeah, gonna jingle for some means
Let's go (Nasty Nas) let's go (Ludacris)
They call me Mr. Put-Down-Two-And-Pick-Up-Six
And the tell me what's they fantasy
So do me a favor right now
And I'm looking for a thick young lady to pull
That waist got a swivel to it
Yes indeed, I'm a lil' off track track track track track track track,
And belly pierced
Climbin' over barbed wire, clothes got torn
And when I aint wit her, p-ssy on lock
I wouldn't trade you for the world I swear it,
See I'm a member of the BBC
Runaway love Little Nicole is only ten years old
Don't be tryna leave, lil mama, that's too much ass to haul off
just killin me thinkin bout tha bottles the pop, tha models that swallow
I heard you masturbate a lot, so y'all keep to yourself
You gonna see this big ass white mansion on the right hand side
Let's show these muthafuckas how we disturb the peace
You rock my world
And quick to sink her on the nigga 'cause this what it's 'bout
Yea, I came to party like tonight will never end
And I don't blame you
I'm feelin' so sexy My body's so tight,
Backstroke, breaststroke, stroke of a genius, Yup!
Now jangle till you get a head ache Jingalin', jingalin', jingalin', she jingalin'
I wasn't no ho last night (Pimp)
You think it's all practical jokes and big bloopers
In fact Im slappin' 'em up, Cadallacin' the truck
Nor allow me to forget
Young birds in the Coupe goin'
Well there just one thing I gotta know How low can you go? How low can you go?
Black laced bra, Vicki secrets in the middle
Skylarks, motorcycles, ATV's with the works
Titties plastic, ass fantastic
All brown and skinny, but I've fucked up so many
I'm sorry that we couldn't make it work
We can do it in the White House
(Nigga throw dem 'bows)
Ride when the beef starts
Sheep skin on the rug, +golden grain+ on the stash
In the sun or up in the shade
If you want it girl I got it in my sex room
Because this supersize dick is their Happy Meal
'cause my folk ridin' shotgun with a shotgun You just got hustled for a wire of cash
3-1-2, 3-1-3, 2-1-5, 8-0-3
Sex all night, go to work every mornin'
I'ma have it made in the shade, I'ma be so paid
No comments, it's Lil' Fate payin' homage to College Park We were tryin' so hard
Country as hell, they some warriors, told sum to spray SumthAn the same shape as Florida,
She's spoiled rotten like bad milk
My first time to Atlanta was my first time on a plane
And I'm not here to disappoint just give me one try.
When the liquor get up in me
Jingle with your momma, jingle with your sister
cut up freaky things we be bout Im kinda hopin that maybe we can kick it in the L A C
Niggas in the back of the club postin' up
Take note to the brand new dance, like this When I move you move (just like that)
Live forever like Fame, let the Leroys dance
She like that I'm rich and a lil hood for her
Playas wild, throwin' bows, tellin' chickens, "fuck you hoe!"
Is it easier to erase my memories
Now I'm looking up at the sky
No matter how old you are
Just relax and let me be free
My bank account read Disturbing The Peace, incorporated It ain't clean in these streets, it's mean in these streets
I'll see you later we'll be in them streets I gotta big weed stash, pocket full of cash
Makin' you stutter from the b-body butters and backrubs
Tell me a secret baby,
It was nasty, I swore I wouldn't take another sip
From A-T-L-A-N-T-A and all the way down to yo' drop
Instead of a gun, I'll pull out a stick from woodworking
Show me somethin' that nobody else sees.
Platinum plaques, three Grammy's
Don't nothing feel wrong I'm still gone
Callin' up my mobile, cussin' (cussin')
In Decatur, where they pack that heat
If God's line is busy you might have to two-way him
Killa for money, still a thug get bump
Thanks for gettin' the CD shawty! I came to party like tonight will never end
Hoe don't you like my twenty inch, ride
sip gin, fulfillin your fantasy
Don't it smell so sweet?
Cause girl I ain't got nothin but time
Ah, we in The Red Light District Roll out! Roll out! Roll out! Roll out! Roll out! Roll out! Roll out! Roll out! I got my twin glock .40s, cocked back
We'll bet on anything, just to see if anybody's goin' do it
So I stashed it like a weave coming up in the hood,
I might f had to pay some extra bucks,
Man is this shit on? 'Cris, c'mon 'Cris.
You cant check your Hoe-ledex on
Yea, we gonna take this to verse 2,
Like you stole it
Sprinkle my nuts on top what a sundae, hey
So turnt up when we in the club we don't even need a molly
Edge by the bed
See I was shitting shaving
Better call your boss tell him that your daddy's home
Cause I'm longer than fray train
And you got some big titties wit a matching ass
Baby pull yo'pants up
Don't keep runnin' away
I try to get a nigga tracks,
You may proceed, let the games begin
Hamwood and Diplomats
Dirty as home with more rings than ya tub
It's got me singing melodies I never thought I would.
Not even in her right mind
So later on we'll be rollin'
What about up in the candy sto' that chocolate chocolate make it melt
Jacuzzi's hot, Cristal is so cold
or how things used to be And I had to tell Willy every look stand out
Put the needle on a record and I make her get lower than a Lamborghini,
Yes she's workin' with six figures 'n niggas is workin' like some slaves
'Cause she got a tight grip on that monkey
Flying through the sky at amazing speed,
Who got the goods
Busting dominoes, spades, Cee-lo, craps
She tries to resist, but then all he does is beat her
Show me where the money at
My chick do stuff that ya chick wish she could My chick bad
Feeling high but I'm hung real low looking sorta like a tripod,
Wash the dick off and kick off another session again
You done did so much wrong I hope you get it right
or how things used to be (how they used to be girl)
Malibu's and Camaro's, T-Birds and Novas
and i hope we be the same thang, freaks
Ha, and I better come split it
I'm the last of a dying breed,
you gots ta ride out, bitch oh chris, can you, do it again, that's what they askin me
And fiendin' for cash
Cameras eying us, sidebetters trying us
I've seen more Beatles and Jagged Edges than Ringo
That I ain't trying to hear!
Whether it's Madden or it's Live, tell 'em pick up the sticks
Even if I just put a fresh coat of wax on I'm making sure the slippers is clean
When organize drop the track and start ducking
Wit' lines that got 'em hooked like dope
Never too much, never too little
I even got a trailer hitch with the barbeque pit
When we were kids I had a Long John but no Silver, no gold or plat
Only siguar needs a steak knife and a fork
And come through flossing, they wish y'all would I gotta big weed stash, pocket full of cash
(Get on that thang and represent)
That man n Ludacris (woo) in the public bathroom
(Who gives a f***?)
EastSide Ruthless
I ain't lying when you in Decatur and you flossing
It turns me on to know I turn you on, yeah
I would like to get to know ya, can you gimme ya name,
One sure shot way to get em outta them pants
Let's go Get your lighters, roll that sticky, let's get higher (Let's get high).
See piece of the bigger trap look at that God be rolling on that
A bowlegged thoroughbred and said her name was "Strawberry"
in the club scene where I met Ms. Green Eyes
Eyes pop out the socket
The days go by, and her belly gets big
He looked down at what I had and said WA WA WORD
Okay, You gonna get off old National Highway
Na na hey, oh
I got kids "Actin' a Fool" from the traps to the burbs My filthy mouth, it won't fight cavities or beat plaque
Oh atlanta street, they don't need to panic trick
We was lovin' that
And I promise I won't show my friends (yeah right)
Hit the Caribbean every year in Toronto, then fly t Illinois to get a taste of Chicago(ugh),Oh
hit it an hour and a half, watch a spectacular splash on the back and leave it
Cause a brother feels great great great great great great great great,
Nothing on my mind but - Georgia
Did you know that
Then we took it all around the world
Hear what they playin', 'cause through this music I'ma still be heard if I'm dead
Break it down and roll it up Ok, ok, ok now everybody with me drunk as fuck
Necklace around yo' waist
I'ma little bitty kid wit' a whole bunch of gangsta wishes
I know I know what them girls
But not really, please don't mix me, I'm a boss, my dogs bite quickly
Power down your inhibitions and power up your inner freak
My ice piece dangle
My chick do stuff that ya chick wish she could
Streets keep mobbin'
I could go low (go low) lower than you know,
Right up on my back like rugs and floor mats
Counting green in the DROP, because whether legal or illegal
Disturbin' Tha Peace!
Fly away Last year got the Ferrari that I always wanted
What I left to rob and steal
Afro-american afro, thick
It's people living they life coming up off change
Man I'm the gift of change
Cause ain't nobody been around here lovin' on me [Young Jeezy:]
Climb through the window, is that cool?
Now I'm rapping on the radio, increasing their numbers
How low can you go?(x8) (Shawnna)
what's my name
On hay in middle of the barn (woo) rose pedals on the silk sheets uh
Drove it crazy got sick of it had to trade (Give me my Ac'!)
But feels great to know who really gives a shit
Hot fellatio, hot jalapenos, holla while they in yo' mouth
Invite my aunties and uncles, let's do the family thing
Slide a five to the junkie to clean my windshield
I'm on the rise, so many people despise me
let a nigga get a little cut up girl (repeat once) I come from the 8th planet in the 19th galaxy
You might just see me but I can't dig deep nigga with gold teeth
Cum six times, but it's seven today
And ain't nobody gotta know but me,
And if they like to juggle, get long john's, balls All my players in the house that can buy the bar
We can do it in the pouring rain
When you hear it. The throne has been taken, so kiss this
No rocks on the road Luda, bitch they're all on my damn chain,
Let a dog breathe
And be with the people makin' all that got damn noise, man We were tryin' so hard
Making the way for that rodeo, that rodeo show!
'cause girl i ain't got nothin but time
There's hos on a mission, an hoes on a crack-pipe
How'd it happen how the let me in the booth,
Pack thangs and act strange
But how low can you go?
But they don't never really wanna pop them things
Cause you know that special spot
Call me the butcher
Damn right I'm a get that thing and I'm a put my name on it
wanna smoke dro, i got a bag take a propa drag
Bet a hundred (bet a hundred) bet a thousand (bet a stack)
Disturbin tha Peace Ho, ho, ho, Merry Christmas Here comes Santa Claus, here comes Santa Claus
Go 'head and scream you can't hold out
Where Gladys knights and the midnight train - Georgia,
Toe rings, girl do yo' thang
Whipped cream cherry on top
But now I'm here, you want to stand around
When we were kids In 3 months we stayed in Jamestown
Still pushing buttons that'll do away the roof
We all in together now, birds of a feather now
Get out the way bitch, get out the way Too bad I'm on the right track
How low can you go? How low can you go? I could go low, (go low) lower than you know,
The last of a dying breed, and we almost extinct so I'm saying it loud,
'Cause every single is a smash, I'm hot as a camel's ass
And I wish you would would,
The pieces from the East is the shit
Like Bel Biv DeVoe said, Shes dangerous
Say it with me, (MCs move the crowd) [Repeat x3] [Lil Wayne]
Lay down
But nobody did shit and they was taking too long
So control your whoremones and keep your drawers on
Get the fuck back, guard ya grill
You know who we are, cause we pimping all over the world,
Rich people are way too fly
Shoes so sexy, body so hot
Like a cinnabun
But I'll admit to feelin' better when I'm hearing this song, it goes [Hook: Miguel]
Uh-oh, Spaghetti-O's! Luda's oodles of noodles
And I got a bad temper tell your nigga say please
Ingredients in this peach cobbler called Georgia,
I'll step in any place, just ask X what I say to 'em [Chorus: x2] It's 2 am in the morning and it...uhhh...light showers
You missing so many key nutrients in your life
'Cause she ain't out her hoein', Luda Yeah, she need her fix tonight (fix tonight)
They wanted to bring the pain, so this thang 'bout to set off
In the DJ booth or in the back of the VIP
Oh, no no
For the rest of my life
My folks on the block, man, they got that work (they got that work)
Have you ever seen a grown man cry?
We heard there's hoes out, so we brought the cars out
She said she can take this D, take the D (she said she can take it) Drah! 2 fast,
Killin' my boss today
Get out the way bitch, get out the way [Chorus: x2]
Now everybody's after all of my ends
Gucci designer frames, say it (make love to me)
See it'll turn you on and it's gonna be on as soon as I take it off.
Sent back in time and I've never lost my mojo
I come equipped with 2 straps on my lap move back 45 tucked by my side
Southside, southside nigga what?
Please tell that nigga, put yo hands down,
Meanwhile I'm hoping Santa got my wish list
Go to sleep, hoe to sleep, go to sleep, hoe to sleep
or how things used to be
Drove up the wall
Her last boyfriend bought her an Acura
And only the strong survive
All the ladies hit the floor and it was EH EH ON
I'm comin' for that number one spot! Girl, we might has well see what's up wit these niggas
When I'm feelin' scummy I love to cut, 10-4 Thick skin so, butter soft I'm rippin' the buttons off yo' blouse
Bartender put a Cosmo in that girl hand
We make your skull crack
Man what that smell
Put your hands down, now look down,
Either magic or please us
So stomp on yo' brake brake brake brake brake brake brake,
Whats up nigga this is 20
And we ready for war in the state of Georgia
s Gucci [Ludacris - Verse 1]
If you with me ain't no time to sleep,
My chick bad, badder than yours Yeah I took a couple years off, came back still bussin'
Listen can't get you off my mind
Is thinking everyone lives by the same principles
I hear 'em call the wild, and do it all the while
Where the pimps and the players dwell
I'm sellin' shit up in the club like I work in the bitch
You know someone was lyin' on me
And ain't nothing like the first time Ain't nothing like the first time
Fatty girl, what's she mean?
For notes from Red Oaks had folks scared to come through
Like hey little stupid! don't make me lose it! Yeek yeek woop woop! why you all in my ear?!
And you really got a nigga pretty anxious baby
You got your tongue clitoris tits
A toast to life I'm stuck in this moment, freeze the hands of time
How some just creep, really just to eat a meal
So, here we standing before I begin
Use ur brain homie do the right thing (let me talk to ya) Hi, my name's Ludacris, and I'm high as giraffe pussy
You suckers cant see her with binoculars
Fatty girl Uh uh hot fire hot
Like up on the roof roof tell your boyfriend not to be mad at me (chorus) I wanna get you in the bath tub
With five strippers, four wives and three amigos
Soon rapping became one of my favorite pastimes
But when I talk by the same teachers or principals
I remember when me and Chris were in a group Ain't nothing like the first time
I know what they feel
Sip gin, fulfillin' your fantasies
With a vest, and a pump hear the shotgun squirt
'Cris, f'real man.
And I'm like (ugh), Heyy girl how ya doin, you are the woman that I'm really pursuin, I would like to get
I'm really diggin ya lips,but be careful where you walkin when you swingin them hips, I'm kinda
Everybody in the 8-0-8
Pretty ass, clothes, pretty ass, toes
Hm you do that and you gonna learn today, hey
While he on tv, I'm in these streets
Its quite funny
Now you doin' it on the dance floor
You got a badoonka donk
I'm all in, I don't play with it
We go bots n Robots or they got to wait till the show stop
Still stacking plaques! (yep!) still action packed! (yep!)
Go low (go low) lower than you know, Drop it, hit it, dump it, split it,
You need a U-Haul, if you leave me, woman, I'mma get blue balls
The children on the corn dirtier than Bob Marley's pee pee,
Lick up your thigh then call me the Pac Man
Hm you do that and you gonna learn today,
So I can see right where it is
So turn your books to page 69 and start sucking
Cause when she hit that stripper pole, her booty swallow it
Its mean in this dirty south
Three to your noggin'
Get out the booth and let me tell yall the truth
Please put both of your pinky fingers high in the air, now ladies look around wit me, lets see if
That's the way you like to fuck, clogged up fog alert
I love her boots when they thigh high
A good stroke in and a good stroke out
If it tickles in the middle from Mr. Pickles you try to escape
Ya peeps talkin' 'bout what kinda shits he on
And I'm your only man
Riding Regal's or the 'llacs, we in Chevelle's and Vert's
Relax and let it go, say it (make love to me)
And my niggaz in the kitchen that be flippin' that weight
My baby girl and I promise for you I'll do whatever
Just to see if any fools want to do it next
And you will find your family reading your obituary These people tryin' to scrub the red off
Nos tank in the back, camel hair on the seat
I don't waste time, gotta GET GET ON IT
As if you know what I'm talkin' 'bout When all your love is lost
And feel this dick-dick getting out of control-trol
It's the knick knack paddywhack, still ride in Cadillacs
Don't care what people say
I'ma Trojan man, BHS hall supplier
Cause you got that good good,
And I'm off the chain
I replied who is this
Stay the fuck up out my business, ah
Trying to show ya that living is trife,
Ah shit Ima drink until I'm drunk (drunk), smoke until I'm high (High)
I would never eat that bitch, ..
Kinda ass if you blink, that it might hurt you
Let's do this sweating, thank God your bath and body works
Known for the thick gulz
These niggas can't leave me, I swear they can't leave me
Bunch of hustlas run on every corner like the waffle house in Atlanta,
the platinum caddy so back in the back
With ugly chicks faces
I'll push your wig back like finger weaves or bad toupee I lick a load of you niggas, leave kids in the hallways
BUT, how low can you go
How you gonna act like my neck don't bling?
in your condition i'm wishin you'll take a lickin and keep on tickin for
But later for the ASSDAQ, throw 'em on the fast track
Dont be offended when I tell you that youre very pretty
You can invite over as many friends as
And, keep 'em drunk
Can I tap that ass t-t-a
Let's try the whole Kama Sutra, get down
When she disobeyed, had North Clayton crazed
So if you do the speed limit, get the FUCK outta my way
See I'm the man of this town,
Hair like Brillo
Somebody came and took his life (life)
This shakin' the DJ replay
stop by the convenience store and pick up them rubbers, magnum i hope
Niggas is fighting inside, we can't just walk 'em out
She be twenty thousand feet in my apartment in the sky
It's a pity how we turn our city into obstacle courses
Should I be worrying about if I can handle you
Forced to think that hell is a place called home
Fuck them new model cars we ridin' old school (old school) We were tryin so hard
It's an aphrodisiac for
Switch it till you running right out of breath and
Caught 'em wit an uppercut, kicked 'em in his ass
I got your face all in the pillow you can't sleep I need party girls in my party world
Fly away Start exercising and winning got me a six pack
Right hand left hand all red in the bed like we've been playing twister
With ho energy to do what ya do
Twenty inch, wide, twenty inches high
FB, Entertainment)
Monday night, Gentlemen's Club
Twenty four carrot necklace so heavy it hurt my neck
Forty glock cal' keep your mouth on hold
(Get yo hand out my pocket!)
Girl you don't know
Matter of fact, candy paint Cadillacs kill
Cuz all through grade school we tried to bust the first slut
Watch how I put it down
And I'm not to be fucked with
Tongues hang out
Big beats, hit streets, see gangsta's roamin'
Just stay workin' hard at it
You's a superstar boy, why you still up in the hood?
But please, stay away from the hoes and snithes
Let, let me let Cris tell ya, hold on hold on Alright, Hella, Yea, Yea, okay, you go, umm, 85 south
Chinese splits-splits slide on down that pole-pole
Or 'til I'm stuck, and my body feels weak weak weak weak weak weak,
Somebody tell my fam I got a gambling problem
Just be thankful that Pharrell gave you somethin' to bump to, hey!
And if she really gettin low,
I'm from the D.E.C., tryin' to disrespect D.T.P.
My girl went through my cell phone So I'm sitting in the crib just chillin' and I'm minding my business
Bling! A little cute thing said, "What's yo' name?"
There's hoes in the room, there's hoes in the car
Get up, and I stay harder than a cinder block, man, hey!
High rights, low lefts, even stevens and fades
And I usually dont leave until the thing ends
Of thick chick in a thong with a big butt
Blew what ya blew
Hot Niss, cut da whole Disturbin' Tha Peace
Right down Santa Claus lane
(B**** you know the name)
(Papi tell me if
Stepped out, fresh out headed straight for the door and to the VIP
I own so many jerseys I'm a throwback mess
On my American bandstands
Wednesday, Im at strokers on lean
I walk straight up to them and I'm like (ugh), Hey girl how ya doing,
Asian persuasion,
And I'm a MC I move the crowd like Moses,
She replied, well OK B-T-W by the way
So whores keep steppin'
we can get the mattress goin er-er, er-er, handlin business
I ain't gon' tell nobody, baby I'm an only child.
Then do it missionary, say it (make love to me)
My my chick bad, badder than yours Ride or die chick with a pocket full of relish
What the fuck was you thinking?
And do this for a living
Mm hm
And misery loves company now that you're going through it?
buddies, when i'm feelin scummy i love to cut skin so butter soft i'm rippin the buttons off your blouse
Ya see what I'm sayin'? Yeah, can I get a little hit of that, little nigga with a bigga sack
I'm so attracted, to the way you carry yourself and keep your composures
And these women so shy but get loud undercover
Table top or just give me the lap dance
Get back motherfucker! You don't know me like that!
Y'all put up with more shit than a colostomy bag, fool! So I'm just sitting in this rehab class
I'll show you some of this bank roll
As soon as you hear this flow pop
I'm flexin, ain't that a bitch!
(Bing)
I'm fly, even when I get high I work cash
Ludacris sent down to take over the whole world! Whoa! Don't slip up or get got! (Why not man?)
A lot of women drop it to the ground,
. I'm drunk (I'm drunk)
And know your neighbor's fertilizer is fake (Don't let it fool ya!)
Sometimes I gotta close my eyes just to open my soul
Try to get a screenshot and she might curse you
Hoes, hoes, hoes, in different area codes (area, area codes, codes) Now everyday is a holiday
But your heart'll melt if I put a thousand in your garder belt
At least for the summer
Not enough pros
You better not walk in front of my tour bus Move bitch, get out the way
College Park after dark, Crown Victorias police unmarked cars
Before you make it big there's just one thing that I gotta know [Chorus]
I love women so much, I have one,
Load them up and fill them up to the top
'Till you get to Creel Road, make a right on Creel, Okay An' you just gonna keep comin' down
My girl went through my cell phone
I would of won but disqualified for jumping off stage
When you down and people give you the runaround
She be givin' out battle scars
Bringing them corners on them rims
where the royal penis is clean your majesty
And when I win I spit game to whores (yep)
I could make me show stop,
Come on player once a ho always
Hustle till I ball (ball), get money till I die (Die)
Hailing from the filthy, dirty South, where the Kings lay.
Then I'mma shoot a video and put it all on T.V.
That I could wear around ma neck, get money in respect
Work that tip, get rid of evidence, move that brick
Redbone wit a Scorpio tatted on her tummy
My neck froze and no ice steel
Now we saying (hey ho) If men sleep around we some players but for women they be saying
Rap fame and plat' thangs
And Hip Hop aint dead it just had a heart attack,
We was two songs away from getting some cutta
Kinda lost, need someone to guide 'em
i'm the prince dick of insanity
Don't worry about them haters
Yeah baby, quiero lamerlo, quiero sabor a azucar
I'm slagging this dick like a New Jack, bitch Is it cause they like my gangsta walk?
And say I'm never coming home, Luda! Why you sayin'
I came (I came) I saw (I saw)
Sit in the front row and watch me perform
Imagine all the possibilities and the freaky things that we could do.
My Northside mackers got dis broads acting foolish
Rabbit out the hat pulling afro, tricks
They want it now and fast, grabbing and smacking ass
Concerned that you'll be causin a crash wit ya traffc jam booty, heads pausin so fast, Heyy
With a ass like that you gotta blew
Or I be camour flag out in sa'avannah - Georgia
Better than I ever seen it done before
Text me from work and told me she was horny
Our issues are deep within, we can't just talk 'em out
Hmm you do that and you gonna learn today, hey I'll be representin'(Get on that thang), representing (Get on that thang),
Hand me down flip-flops, hand me down socks
How many guys you know that can bring the travel channel to life, one day we on the auto-bind
With the doe lock
y'all meet with Honda, no payments for 12 months
I'm feelin' so sexy (ha ha)
So I B-B-M'ed abbreviate yep and before the night gets too late
"Man, check the caller ID and see who this is" "Man, that's the rich girls man", "The buckhead girls, yeah yeah"
And you can call me crazy, but I like to roll the dice
But really Dillingers
"Yeah, we might, I saw you blinging last night"
'Cause Ludacris will beat you down with a prosthetic limb
What the hell is a life worth living if it's not on the edge
'Cause all my niggas is ready
Written on my tombstone should say "Women, Weed, and Alcohol" That's somewhere to go, but the world is moving slow
Breakin' wit that pussy popping
Find me spending cheese up
With my wrist glowing and my fist throwing
My chick do stuff that ya chick wish she could My chick bad, badder than yours
And what you find you keep, say it (make love to me)
So she pops Ex to get rid of all the pain
All my people bring the strength to the block
When we were kids We were tryin' so hard
Hit'em wit a good lick
They jingalin' baby Jingalin', jingalin', jingalin', she jingalin'
Still flow nigga listen
It's the only words that you finna speak
Cupid's the one to blame, say it (make love to me)
In the back, on the block so the cops they freeze
How you gonna act like I just ain't strapped?
Plus she lives poor, so no money for abortion
Like the nigga wash half of his
But Louie Vuitton bras all over your breasts
Factories, or a hunred spokes
First time I got a whooping 'sRight where I begin
It's killin' me thinkin about the bottles that pop
honey in the black cause I'm feeling her curves
Goonie goo-goo, we cut bigfoots and wookies
Won't you come and just chill with the Virgo
(Nigga throw dem 'bows) Ring
Sticky, icky, icky, icky Grease don't pop on the stove no more, moved on up
I'll runaway with you if you want me to
The King of the kings has spoken
Know what I need, yeah [Hook: Miguel]
Right down the avenue, passing you rapidly stacking
I'm in the strip club smokin', with President Clinton So stand clear of the long sideburns and goatee
I curse so much just to get on they nerves
Ain't a damn thang changed still nasty as I wanna be.
Under the Carolinas and Tennessse you'll see - Georgia,
I'm a give you this dick to ride
Man, her booty is plus her size
Hello, Hello, Yeah, what's, oh, oh, what's up? Hey
Cause I like that French vanilla and the caramel,
Now thats swagger on a hundred thousand trillion
Scrap's so true to smokin crucial, swishin on swishas with Luda
Tell ya little friend he can quit mean mugging
When the liquor get up in me I'm a motherfuckin' beast (When the liquor get up in me)
I overheard him say he knew who works there
'Cause I go on blind dates, with actual blind people But my album's out the store, yours be on the shelf
Sg what up! [Chorus: x2 Ludacris & DMX]
Turn on some Babyface, just for your lady's sake
Same braud different night
"Oh whats up, get my dick sucked, what are you doin'?"
Horse back I'll get my reigns
Stop and stare, pouring out a lil' gasoline and then drop a flare
That's the way I like it twerk
I want to (Diggin' the scene with a gangsta lean) Why can't I walk with a limp mama? won't be no drama
And hustlers paying they bills coming up off games
I need you right now
Could we have all the real pimps,
She give me the booty I'm breakin' it off
Then I put 'em on camera and cut two frames
(Step up and
That's why it's three dollars a glass,
Y'all use mouth to mouth bring the party to life
Now what we got 'round here is a 20-20 twins
Yea, we comin' through there
Like the Red Sea I wear red like roses,
Baby hold it together,
Starin' at beer cans and a moment to crack one
But before you make up your mind just tell me one secret,
Bring that, shit back, didn't want to hear that, clik-clak
Looking, smelling, feeling like a million bucks-ahh!
I need everybody to pull up your pants leg one time ok,
Pockets on Gabby Sidibe
Cause ain't nobody been around here lovin' on me [Verse 2: Ludacris]
Works in the mornin, but she'll party all night
Even more I'm scared to find what the world really has in store
My whole hood is to my left, and they ain't giving a fuck
Oh no, you suckers didn't request back up
We on the dance floor, throwin' bows, beatin' up niggas
Go low (go low) lower than you know, Shake your money maker
The first time I heard the legend, we robbed the dope boy
You call her babycakes, say it (make love to me)
So by the time you figure out why your record ain't spinnin'
Chop chop, break it down for a player like me ye ye ye ye ye ye,
More checks then you ever could imagine more wood up in my whip then in a forest full of cabins,
We gon' rush the back door and break em in
I'm too fast for y'all mayn!
We gas those up like
On, your not pimpin Aw yeah, yeah
How am I supposed to survive
Follow this DICK-tionary, you're both some visionaries
Next day we in the sun on the Virgin Islands,
Poppin' a pill and then jump in the tub
Spittin' at ya head full of bread like toaster,
And whatever they do, don't let the owner know
3-1-7, 2-1-4, 2-8-1
You might lose around 4 or 5 pounds so get ready to sweat your ass off [Chorus]
I'm a just tell 'em [Chorus:Repeat x4] Ay Luda, you know niggaz over here, over here kushed out, iced out nigga G's
Ten on pump one these hoes is self serve
Ey yeah, alright, alright, alright, hey
No discrimination,
They want it so bad, four million dollar pad
My motto is "what they don't know won't hurt them"
Feline, feminine, fantastical, women
She said she can take this D, take the D (she said she can take it) My chick bad
They be saying hey ho [Chorus] Can't nobody do it like Kim
I wanna taste them Puerto Rican pecan
There's no survival for the weak
[Luda] It's get out, put my pedal to the flow and let's roll! Two miles an hour, so everybody sees you [Repeat: x3]
I look for div-idends, I ain't lookin' for you hoes
Peanut buttercups like Reese's Pieces
When ya get on the flow (nigga throw them 'bows) Hit by, stars, hit by, cars
So one time for my independent women and all the single mothers who be gettin' that cake
wash tha dick off and kick off another session again, i can break 'em
Touching lips to the top of the dick and then whew!
Amen
Ashes to ashes
Believe that, and if your man don't tell you every day how beautiful you are,
Whatever it is, they love it
Trying to get myself unhooked on ass
If you see me comin' 'round the corner, then duck quick, perpetrators can suck dick
Nutten mussin get neglect
You never tell hoes the truth"
She said she can take this D, take the D (she said she can take it) She got them thunder thighs
Put it in Reverse
Tell tell, tell me a secret baby.
Whoo-wee Jesus
"Word of Mouf" time to wipe that silly grin off yo' ass These rap cats is soft like R&B; singers
And when she needs her medicine I give her Vitamin D
Who the hell car is in my driveway
Plus your new name is fire 'cause we stomped you out
I be representin', I be representin' (I'm representin')
Go spread the word, run and tell all the boys
She love it when she get tipsy and strip to the core essentials
If I'm a ho you's a ho, if I'm a bitch you's a bitch
we'll start pokin the locamotion hittin buddies for threesomes, get your
Make a chick take it off like freaknik, down here in- Georgia
You little bitches When all your love is lost
And everything's gonna be so marvelous
Let me put some Luda in it,
J-D in the Rollz and Luda's in the Cutt Supreme
City Hoes [$Money Mike$]
Know how to use 'em, fight dirty as shit
She say she's about to run away and never come back Runaway love
We ain't playing with you Country name , Country slang,
So when I'm in the club the chicks get jealous
Im allergic to 'doc perscribed anti-histemines
No more borrowin' from the neighbors, no more haters
By way of A-T-L, if you disagree
And I'm not E-40 but I'm so sick wit it,
Valle-hoe, Valle-hoe
Otherwise you can pop back
Walk through closets like I'm walking outta limits
Large shake and a Ludacris sandwich [Hook] [Gucci Mane]
Smokin' purple, potent, green shit got everybody geeked
You don't feel me)
But don't forget about this feeling that I'm making you get
Need solutions, less problems
And testing me is like pitbulls put up to poodles
She told me, all the way, go straight to that ass
I'm feelin' sorry for the homies who be smokin' wood.
Bout hos this, hos that, you the motherfucking ho nigga
Drah! 2 fast,
I'm young, wild, and strapped like Chi-Ali
I think you push it too deep,
This forty-five gon' give a reason to sleep, nigga
So, lay down bitch, gimme all that you dreamed for
Ha but I'm the man for the job
Talk about that Word of Mouf baby
And clean yo damn room"
I don't care if the kids watchin'
And I admit that I'm feeling a little pressure, when you're telling me I better come get it
Better get your man shawty
I'ma let you know it's real down here.
7-5-7, 4-1-0, my cell phone says overload I've got hoes
And set fires in garbage pails and cabbage patches
Double shot Hennessey fill my cup
Rough sex make it hurt
Then I'll make my body move until your body stops
Because the girls of the world ain't nothing but trouble,
But I gotta, know what-what's your fantasy I wanna get you in the back seat windows up
Stop drinking for a year and I was all sober
I hope he come back with enough to let me borrow some change
Talking a whole bunch of shit
With ya fly-ass boots or ya open toes
My lung's filled with Marley
My bitches always look better, you fail at business endeavors?
Nigga we be smokin' life, never shut ya charlie brown
My last trip to a-t-l I fucked yo' cascade
Or give me one more reason to go Yeah, this industry's full of bullshitters
And that they last about as long as my part in the wash From yo' car to a crap game, no one rolls wit' you
But you should grab yourself a seat and a whisky double,
All up an down 285 an I'm goin' around in circles man
Plus they love a young thug that's overflowing with swag!
Fatty girl, who me?
I like it when I see you do it
Cause I'm worth a million ga-zillion fa-fillion dollars Whoa! Don't slip up or get got! (Why not man?)
Arrive to a show and I'd like to get paid
I'm boss to all employees, and I'm here to teach the principle
Get down! Cause I ain't got nothing to lose
Fatty flickin' like it was dubs on it
They be saying hey ho
Ho on your feet, if you don't work you don't eat [Chorus] [Intro: Miguel]
H-2's and Denali's, pickup trucks with the beams
With coupes all on that freeway
Do it now cause 'tomorrow' ain't promised 'today'
I made a tape, did shows and got exposure
I want to (Diggin' the scene with a gangsta lean) Diamond in the, diamond in the, diamond in the It's hard growin' up lookin' at drug dealers wit' all this paper
Clean in the work place, dirty in the sheets
I know I know what them girls like [Bridge: Sean Garrett]
Like FUBU
I don't, I don't say shit and they be gettin' naked Throw some ones on that
And I won't judge you cause I know that ain't nobody perfect,
Boy whatcha gon' do? act a fool Let's take it to the streets 'cause I'm ready to cruise
ATL shawty! Hood to hood, block to block
Hey can I grab the wheel and drive you crazy
If I get caught, bail out, po'-po' I tell 'em holla
Don't rush 'em I'ma take my time and do it slow
Who knows, who goes there? Motherfuckers it's Poppa Bear
If you want it girl I got it
Baby come on and make this move if you gonna,
Tricking on strip teasers Head down, pussy pussy popping
He bankrupt, selling cars like an auctioner
Left these hoes to settle down with just one chick
So much money, you can't stop that Man, that car don't come out until next year, where in the fuck did you get it?
You are the woman that I'm really pursuin,
Go low (go low) lower than you know,
Most girls lookin right some looking a mess
Luda choke smoke in a big black truck
Runnin the train
Running your mouth?
I'm bout to shed some light, cause each and every night
Got the whole crew ridin' and we startin shit
The grass is always greener on the other side
Here's another one!
Scope your pumpkin and smash ya,
And people think I'm bad, they say "Oooh he's so evil!"
Fucking with him all the time, ya know what I mean? I'm saying, I used
My bitch be gettin' down nigga how 'bout yours?
but after we do what we gone do, get your purse and get together, b, 'cause now
Just scratches on your back, what? (fuck, me!)
Get with one chick started missing them groupies
They call me infer-stripper, sexy, red hoe's pimp
Still stack lettuce, still stack cheese
Keep your nose up in the air You know I got it
It don't mean a thing, boi, for me that ain't gon' swing, boi
Ha ha, well, here I am, yep I'm the man
You think twelve gon' catch me, gimmie a break
They wanna talk to ya, so shut up and listen!
What you going through, ladies
So put your diamond rings on and get yourself a hustler
Where Lac' trucks sit on 26's,
I need another fuckin Conjure round, hot wing, Gucci, out to the lounge
And some said I wouldn't make it, they would giggle and laugh
Light another blunt and it's goin' round
Don't know who they gonna get or who them robbers gonna hit
But if you come to the crib then
There's hoes on stage, there's hoes by the bar
you play the flute quite nicely
And yes I stay high on that purple like Aladdin,
Got underground start trippin' I need hits (We outta here!)
These hoes be sprintin like its track n field
I'm never lettin' the opportunity pass me, by
Up her pussy, shawty pushed in a whole bottle of Moe'
I don't say shit and they be gettin' naked
Whenever I call, come running
Like, eh, eh, eh Rock, rock, rock it and make it work, girl
The more drinks in your system the harder to fight! When I move you move (just like that)
You'll be like lil john cue and get a +change of heart+
I, I just want you to stay healthy in these streets
Like I should shoot the Jay, and smoke a couple too,
Down below we firing up the barbecue grills
Tell me a secret baby Tell me somethin' that nobody else knows,
Cause You're my baby girl Damien Marley's Verse
Gettin money like Vegas and shit, Bitch STACK'EM UP! I'm drunk (I'm drunk)
What?, Range Rover, all black, hell, yea Shit, now, We like right next door an' shit in this hud house
And if my neighbor see you while you walking out my door (hey ho)
I got that purp and a little bit of gold, like I should run with Kobe,
See some fools slipped up and over-stepped they boundaries
Hoes, hoes, hoes, in different area codes (area, area codes, codes) Now you thought I was just 7-7-0
How low can you go? How low can you go? Luda!
Stayin' more to crunk, our shit bump like bad clippers
When I catch you at the game runnin' game at the A.U.C
When I know that my stereo's taken away
From slow pokin' to locomotion, hittin' bunnies, for threesomes getcha buddy
Want your Kool-Aid and sugar, smack your hands and say "sweat"
And making family plans, say it (make love to me)
Quick back got a hit back
Man I ain't got nothing to prove, I paid my dues
Climb to the top, I'mma skydive
So stop the violence and put the 4-4 away, skeet shoot a ho today
Sing! Now I was, so fresh and so fly in diamonds
Even though it's not that many
You are beautiful baby!
And close your eyes, and picture us running away together
See, I'm off that anti-freeze and my car is tipsy
Then hear her scream your name, what? (fuck, me!)
You see it's hoes after the party it's hoes after the show
but Twista love them Chicago or South hoes come up out your neglege, freak em on a regular day, come 6 times
She plays like my house is her emergency room
while y'all hitting th bong
Drop it, hit it, dump it, split it
So you know what I need [Hook: Miguel]
And I hope we be the same thang, freaks
And she get right down to the business
The top of your booty jiggling out your jeans,
She said she can take this D (she said she can take it)
Then a grand to a milli, nigga really what's good
Cuz I was scared then a mug, I couldn't stand no doctors
We always searching what we never had
Family off the street! made my homies put the baggies back
Don't pass it, I can't take it no more,
Don't it smell so good, in Southwest where they rep that hood
And we can 'bout anything that you want to do
call me Mr. Magillicutty, chasin booty soft as silly putty
(Get back motherfucker! You don't know me like that!) I came (I came) I saw (I saw)
Matter of fact, it's time to start making better decisions
Tuck that
Rep yo side and throw it up Po' it up and it's goin' down
Your inner thigh, right on your knee cap or your belly button.
My girl went through my cell phone So I'm getting treated for my sex addiction
I said that you'sa ho (Ho) You doing ho activities
Or end up with a bloody nose
Shes tryin' to figure out why the world is so cold
You in my head,
Now they see me on the blogs with my new girl
In my sex room Let the candles burn, I'm a turn these lights down
Say it with me (Mcs move the crowd) [Repeat x3] [Ludacris]
Packing a lunch and then bite bite, A-T-L stay tight tight I'm just trying to save ya shorty.
Dont try to get all attached to her
Ever disrespect it and we'll clean out your dirty mouth,
You done take it a whole another level of freakiness When you blow my mind
I want everybody to stand up and be counted tonight
All my women in the house if you chasing cash
So much money, you can't stop that
Puff, puff pass you can toast yo glass
They told me that the bitches caught a shipment of my yay
Gets that ride or die pudding for that ride or die shit! [Chorus] [Bridge] They wanna go on vacation! I know it!
Krispier Kremes
Take a couple days off
Ain't nothing like the first time
Let's go (let's go) it's the Virgo
Soldiers couldn't cause more disaster on D-Day,
She said she needs some evidence and to show her the proof
Been rappin' since I was seve, I remember the time
Get out the way bitch, get out the way Move bitch, get out the way
Oh! Oh! Oh! What? (fuck, me!) I'm bout to throw some game, they both one and the same
I don't, I don't say shit and they be gettin' naked, naked
Before you make it big,
Creepin, I'm in the shadows, the nightshade
My business, my business
Baby let me snatch up off that towel, let me get a vowel.
Or how 'bout on the beach with black sand
But what's a percent off the top when you hit the bottom
I'm double-X-L so I call 'em my "Eye Candy"
Need everybody to pull up your pants leg one time ok, you see the nigga wit the white socks NOT
She wit' me, comments will only get'chu basically eternally resting
I want you to stand on up, now I got somethin' to tell ya'
I'm wood grain, grippin' 'n tippin' on some 24's.
Somebody broke in and cleaned out your crib
I need some real good lovin'
I was simply red from the years I been holdin' back
I was born for the fast life
Like Ludacris are you over there sexting
Jump back, I can't help myself
I wanna see yo body in all the positions that you like it in,
Cuz im my momma come home, well she's likely to pass out man
Put a DTP pendant at the end of yo chain
Found on these plum trees in the south,
The album was independent, it was just for the streets
When I grow up, you just wait, I'ma be so straight
I rock Shaq's clothes when I Alter Beast
In Mardi Gras all the women trying to show more They chest,
Lady in the streets, but a freak in the bed [Chorus] I got a college girl go to church every Sunday
I ain't never going home (When the liquor get up in me) Get lit (Get lit)
My cerebellum will not let
Nothin' else to do but get some clothes and pack
Showing my ass, growing up then started traveling
Beef, got the right mack
Fatty girl, fat as a b****
I made mistakes but stayed sharper then a Ginsu blade It ain't clean in these streets, it's mean in these streets
So later on, they can dance and throw a drink in they hand,
You prostitute it but money I never let it ho
remembering the memories(the green lights come on)
You're my life
(Cut de blood claat talk and
Down Clintwood, Cambleton Road or Boulder to shave!
You just took me for granted, you thought I was a fool
I used to think that it was way too cold til I went to Canada and say some beautiful hoes, now I
Lick it don't stop
All for a man, all 'cause she bought it
remembering the memories
So I better come with it,
Two times for my dogs pullin' triggers
G.A the peach state where we stay,
Now pop that coochie, you know the procedure
Don't be scurred, show another part of your life
You call her Jabberjaws, what? (fuck, me!) I'm bout to throw some game, they both one and the same
Cause you makin' me wet I'm drivin' fast as I can,
I shoot videos and get knobs slobbed in trailers
If you smell like you been At work all day and your car,
We bouta let our nuts hang!
Tired of fast food so they cooked up dope
You ready?, Yea, Okay, you go, aww, shit
Always searching for another high
New suits for church and a couple pairs of dress socks Stuff my stockin' with Jolly Ranchers and candy canes
You the star so as soon as I press record you gots to do me baby
Luda make your skull crack
Product of her birth place, know about the streets
And yo' breath will turn to Foot Locker water repellent I'm the man, I got money far as the eyes can see
I got hits start trippin' I wasn't underground
Cause rules were made to be broken, but you can't make broken rules
2-1-2 or 2-1-3
makin you stutter from the bodie butters and back rubs
Got cake and women blowing like everyday is my b-day We be getting mighty bold (When the liquor get up in her)
that later on we be bonin
Slouch socks, box Chevy Caprice
Like grey eyes, hour glass frame
Drove through the window, the industry super sized me
Dwelling on the past, all the moments on repeat
Lost a pint of blood let it spill street
We gon take a sip of that potion
Hotel everybody, even the mayor
Pussy stay wet, sex so good
We can role play,
I wish you could see Well I can see it if you want me to,
But I got a arsenal of automatics down to twenty-twos
Now who's that bucked-naked cook fixin three-course meals?
You gotta be brave in the state of - Georgia
To the rich niggas dang, cause that where them real niggas at!
But im say use ur brain homie do the right thing (let me talk to ya)
Cuttin' up my pillow
Thump a nigga on his knuckles make him say ouch
Show me what you working with
Trying that freaky shit, what? (fuck, me!)
Onlookers and turning heads is all that's seen through his eyes
But sometimes wish that I was disguised for peace of mind over fortune and fame
Oh no, we stay swoll, rolling on Vogue tires!
Hit the coner for a block exchange
We rob that trick and stick his dick off in his fuckin' mouth
Creepin' and crawlin'
So confused, chewin' on some bubblegum
But can buy anything I want from the records I've sold
Either one on your lips,
Saturday, is off the heezy fo' sheezy, you can find me up in one-tweezy
Draped in the finest clothes I wanna put your mind at ease
The highlights that I neva high ass light Chorus (2x) Cadillac grills, Cadillac mill's
Ah shit I'm talking 1 shot, 2 shots, 3 shots, 4
Whores keep slobbin'
Hoes, hoes, hoes, in different area codes (area, area codes, codes) 9-1-6, 4-1-5, 7-0-4
Call ya' producers, 'cause I'm hurtin' these beats
Dirty words , dirty birds
Freaky thangs, we be bout 'em Bubble, bubble, bubbles is in the bathtub
That ho popping, dropping, Goddamn shawty who is this?
With Louis Vuitton pumps, look at her walk to 'em,
Probably doing ho stuff cause there you ho again
And even got my coats bumped up to first class
Before the age of eighteen, I was destined to make it
While I'm takin' the pipe,
It's mine now place it in my Louis Vuitton pouch
Just you and me, two glasses, sip on Patron and
Here's some no dough, no dough, no sleep
Show 'em whose the boss, they take orders from the sergeant
My small city's called Albany - Georgia
Or it could have been the first time
Uh-uh shorty, don't run from it
I'm asking, why did you take him away? (Why'd you take him?)
It's a celebration and everyone should invite me
We sipping on Merlot, you ain't got be my girl though
Haters better cover up they jaw like freeway,
When it's hot or when it's cold out
Throw in the towel cause I'm making 'em sweat
Type of bitch that got the brown in my sock
And I be f-ckin while you niggas out on hot dates
Not to mention my refrigerator's taller than Shaq So yippie-kay-yay, yippie-yie-yie-yo
Its our private after party
If yo spinning rims Spin counter clockwise, you are not pimpin,
Oh oh, so stuck up, told me shut the fuck up
Afro, picks, afro, chicks
Well, if they don't, then I'ma have to settle fah some dro.
Speakers steady pumpin' as I pass these losers
Nah did he thought of that,
In my Ferrari, partner thought he saw a spaceship
These choppas will tomahawk your top down here in - Georgia [Chorus: x2] Now I was born in the belly of the bottom of the map,
Necklace, bracelets and all other types of jewelery,
Cause Tony Scissorhands is the barber, the butcher
Lil Fate been big pimpin', pimpin'
With all models I make I'm great like five lakes
Legs in the air, witcha toes pointed
Together holding hands, you out there spending grands
Half bent, black tint, fine pussy make it a little hard to see me
'Cause these niggas all up in my shit
Before they started jackin' jacks
But I don't know you no more, fuck it, I caught amnesia
hide out with Twist
Cry me a river, cry me, cry me. I'm drunk (I'm drunk)
Upside ya motherfuckin' forehead
These haters want my paper and the snakes is out to get me
Could separation separate
But I gotta, know what-what's your fantasy I wanna, lick you from yo' head to yo' toes
And get erotic, giving your body just what it deserves and
Don't stop (get it get it)
My chick bad, badder than yoursrs Welcome to my sex room
F-Y-I you're gonna flunk
Is there a bumper on your ass? No nigga!
Open your eyes I've got hoes
I cant get my mind off you youowhoo
You makin' me bite,
Whole lotta feds, got them niggas scared to surface
Second waffle house 'fore you get
Break it down and roll it up
Cuff that
I tried to shine 'em, but they don't want to glisten, while the high hat keeps on tickin'
She got a nigga whipped, down to ya fingertips
Old asses like sharpeis, y'all all wrinkled
I'm sitting slouched back in the chair, stunting, waving money
Tallywhacker is a rock hard stormtrooper
Juicy j be high as fuck, catch me in the lost and found Better use common sense checkin' me out for bitch I can stand for
They on their way, three minutes to get the k
5-0-4, 9-7-2
'Cause when they come up out the house
Are going Two miles an hour, so everybody sees you [Repeat: x3]
Pecan country like catfish with grits,
I mean there's a lot of women out here that's just, you know
And when you shake it
Yea I think you a superstar wit' a ass like that you gotta blow,
Yo car too small, why? Cause I can't fit my women in a PT Cruiser
So just call me Little Carter or Little Cardiac,
Cause I've been saved by mo' bells than Lark Vorhees Man fuck that nigga 'Cris man, for real man.
Stop and wake uuuuuuuuuup
The way I break it down for you bitches, it's so explicit
This business so explicit
Nah I lost my virginity
They strip off my clothes and tell me, "Get in my belly!"
I wash my nuts off, go take a shower girl
Please put both of your pinky fingers high in the air,
Yes sir, I thought you knew it, we loco
2 fast act a fool Oh! Oh! Oh! Say it (make love to me)
Now jingle that shit like is jello Jingalin', jingalin', jingalin', she jingalin'
And then my broad, my kid walkin' around singin' it
My rap career goes back further than yo' father hairline
Head down, pussy popping on a handstand Head down, pussy pussy popping
Why only serve one when we can serve up two
Where they use to call us some mammothz,
Face down, ass up!
So I'm willing to bet that I'mma be crazy for the rest of my life For the rest of my life
Already offers on my 6th album from labels tryin' to sign me
'Cause you know I got sold out
The beaches in M.I.A
Be my slave for the night,
I'm kinda concerned that you'll be causing a crash
Soon as you hear this flow pop,
Summer-salts, cartwheels bitch just keep on dancing
Save all the h20 for front rows
Luda!(yep)
Tells me to undress and to lay on the sofa
Last summer, got the hook up
Almost got signed with Puff Puff, but I think I'll pass
Probably you're upper lip
In about four minutes flat
And have you beggin' for mercy Ooh baby wait a minute,
See if your girl went my girl
Go strap your seat-belts on, go put your money up
You niggas ain't invited here
If I make it to Atlanta's Brina Brothers convention,
You want the tail in the back or, a light fade?
I mack dames and
Now look up at the pinky fingers that Are still in the air,
He is definitely all foreal, ya see what I'm saying? Ha ha I be
Hand me down drug dealers hand me down rocks
We makin Def Jam history
E'rybody with me, bitches lookin tipsy, goons posted up case a hater try to tempt me
Man that nigga garbage.
If you happen to see a nigga wit two sweat patches up under his arms, look like he been swimmin
Lisa is stuck up in the world on her own
Shady park resident and southside Rider [Chorus] Get back, time to get hood jacked
Wonderin' how I can get me some
Eggnogs got daddy swerving on the highway Chains on the tires, ice up on the window
Robbin' a bank today
Southside, I represent it till I'm dead
Wasting my time away?
Women,
Whoa whoa whoa Wake uuuuuuuup
So you better come with your A game
Catch 'em in the swimming pool and overlap they ass I'm from the southside, College Park
You gotta do it right, what? (fuck, me!) Stand up! Stand up!
My girlfriend said u sure I said bitch I'm for certain man
Order Vodka buddy, that's why it's three dollars a glass, put your hands down, now look down, I
I hit 'em right dead in the jaw (in the jaw) See I caught 'em wit a right hook, caught 'em wit a jab
So then my teacher asked me a question
Fuck all the lil' chit-chat get back get that get that
But not at my expense, I did all I could do
The most creative, original, got 'em takin' subliminal Cause they can't get what I got's
Reached in my pocket grabbed a G and then threw it on the flo'
At a point when most of my past women became my enemies?
Yes, you can do it, cut his fuckin' head off I got a letter from the government, the other day
so gimme tha rope you gettin wrapped up
My chick bad, badder than yours
I don't, I don't say shit and they be gettin' naked I came to party like tonight will never end
Ah! We in the Red Light District!
When she step out in the club,
Lord won't you let me know
Schlong in Hong Kong
From your manicured nails to ya pedicured toes [Chorus] [Ludacris]
We buy out the bar, we buy out the club
drop tops i'm hittin your hot spots i'm top notch
I make it to Atlantas Brina Brothers convention, then jump in the car and just ride for hours,
And you about to get ran the FUCK over Move bitch, get out the way
I know that very well
Till I smelt it in the club and had to take a puff
Is it cause they like my handsome face?
'Cuz I think you a superstar
But soon as I leave, niggas be prayin' on my down fall
Cause the little motherfucker has the dopest shows
Go head baby, go head baby, do that shit, now jiggle
See I'm the man of this town, and I hope you would'nt mind if I showed you around, so when you
make my chest look older
You hear the song so dance,
Yeah, thats tight man Shit look, Im about to break out though dog whats up
Had to sneak her outta choir for her to put it on me
"And stop wearing your brother's chain
Just learn to live with your flaws
check tha ratio of men to women and women to men when down south
I be representin', representin' Luda, yeah you representin' for bad bitches all around the world
What you do to me
Teachers ask questions; she makin' up excuses
I leave niggas like burps (burp), excuse
Put a wet towel under the door.
Tag team off the rope
But you got some perfect imperfections that makes you worth it.
I'm adjustin' to my environment
Cause every hit records spit instant like replay,
And you the center of attention that's distracting the squad
I'm up in Vegas with a stack of black chips
It's not an illusion, we running the streets
'Cause even though we were young
Man, I gotta earn for a livin', ain't nobody givin' me nothin'
Smothered in gravy, Cool J be
And I was always reached for the sky, I don't know why
Cross my heart and hope to die
Ready to break the steerin' column on yo' Impala
Here's a triple black card, it ain't tricking if you got it!
Go low,(go low) lower than you know, (Luda) [Verse 2]
Cause you my baby girl It's two a.m. in the morning and it's uhh
Oink Oink, Pig Pig, do away with the pork
And for all y'all that don't like it, do one thang, get the fuck back!
BUT, when it comes to chocolate
Tomorrow's not promised today (hey) [Chorus: x4] Yo hello, Luda
Lets see if We can weed some of these niggas out,
Know how to drive a stick, what? (fuck, me!)
Handcuffed to the head board never let you go until you scream my name,
But I drive you off and pay you no attention
World of Ghetto fabulous Dopeboys and Hoodrats
Ludacris King Ding-a-Ling
Dinner's by candlelight, say it (make love to me)
Keep yo' girl close cause she's hit by, far
It's baby powder white an I whip it like cocaine
Love when she grind on me
Shut yo' as* up when
Just grab a hold of something, say it (make love to me)
They don't know what they want that's why I tell you put your trust in me.
Eating fresh fruits sweep yo woman right off of her feet (chorus) I wanna get you in the back seat windows up
I be like knick knack paddy wack
Television on the gas tank, the fuel make the ass stank
Luda, I'm at the top of my game
Escalade's, Navigators, Expeditions and Rovers
Sneak into her room while her mama's knocked out
Since everybody wanna piece, we gon' split ya wigs
You know that I ball, stop fronting
Rip the pants and rip the shirt, rough sex make it hurt
I'll be representin'(Get on that thang), representin' (Get on that thang),
Magnum I hope
My hands on your body
Fail yall
Ass in, ain't no askin', it's no tolerance as long bitch check in
And parties dont stop til' eight in the mornin' Yo, Yo.. Yo..Yo, Yo,
And I came out my moms and had a mic as my fucking weapon
Plus she's havin' sex with a boy who's sixteen
Giggle, chuckle, every breath
Pop that, pop that and you'll be bustin' them nuts when you want to bust it
Told her friends, now they hollering behind her back
So bye-bye to all you groupies and gold diggers
You can stare all in the mirror, take a peek at how good you lookin'
Santa Claus comes to town Yeah, I tell 'em all I want for Christmas is two gold front teeth
That JJ so so sublime
Headed down to the dungeon, wonderin', if they got some more,
I could go low,(go low) lower than you know,
So if yo ass don't show up it's more women for me, Hey! [Chorus] [Ludacris]
Man, that ain't sticky, that's just sticks and steams
Take my pain away (I can't take it) [Chorus: x2] Somebody just broke in my ride (ride)
Boy come wit them hunnid stacks
I don't, I don't say shit and they be gettin' naked uh [Chorus]
Matter fact I'm schemin' my way on up out this hood, I'll be good
Let it go now front, back, watch me drop it like that
Remix all the Christmas carols then I play 'em for you Luda, turn it up until I wake up all the neighbors
As we go, something like this Nasir Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand
And think about it just as soon as the door closes.
In a Beamer, Lexus or Ac', we don't know how to act when we drive
She said go another round for me (go another round for me)
You, you been lookin' a little tipsy
On an empty bed
I got qp's and halves, if we beefin' I blast
But be careful where you walking when you swinging them hips,
I mean how did he think of that,
Layin' on my bed sheets,
Yo shape is beautiful
And you can sweat from a burn in the third degree
How many shots to hit the motherfucking floor
Somebody take my pain away (hey)
The black Hacksaw Jim Duggin stay lurking
I'll be somewhere contemplating on making my first billion
Oh no they can't stop
So Move bitch, get out the way
Watch a pimp walk
Smell the aroma of a dingaling king Ludacris when I'm in yo' house
Wait to take place at a similar pace
And fat women, because they need love too
Smoke or get smoked
Cats with gold teeth and raps with such beats
You could fit that bitchs booty on a forklift
All you brothers want a
I love the women out in L.A.
But I'm comin' for they number one spot! (Alright man)
I'm as stiff as a board, y'all more shook than maracas
Please put your hands down,
Hey how you doin, Ms. Lady? You so fine with it
Shut yo mouth
I spit it out and about, and spit outta the south,until they recognize the danger signs
cut up, freaky thangs, we be bout now i got tha feelin we can cut tha hell out each other
(Get back motherfucker! You don't know me like that!) Ah! We in the Red Light District!
Back in my wonder years when nobody considered me sane
To the point where all these other women Kinda feelin' like you stole their shine
I mean how did I think of that, I surprise myself sometimes,
Move bitch, get out the way
They don't love me for who I am but who I'm destined to be,
And nothin' underneath so its an all night deal
I'll be representin'(Get on that thang), representing (Get on that thang),
Got party ammunition for those tryin' to surprise me (surprise!)
Less than three seconds
While I lose my mind
I'm super-charged with the hide-away license plate
Lick up your thigh they call me the pac man
Boy, if they sing another verse, boy I swear
Her old man used to snort angel dust
I keep my mind on my money, money on my mind
Drink from the finest grapes smoke from the finest leaves
And she like it when I grab her hair
And the main reason that I made it and I love the A-town
Give it to me now (chorus) x2
Stand up! Stand up! When I move you move (just like that)
Every building must erect
All 'cause she crazy in love and don't doubt it
Got me wanting to put hickies all over ya chest
With a purple helmet, made for crushin' pink cookies
Bye bye butterfly
Maxing out my visa
The best women are reside in Africa, and that's real [Chorus] [Ludacris]
Wanna smoke 'dro I got a bag, take a proper drag before I tap it
Call me the Renaissance man
To make my own record label and put myself on blast
Camera, light lights, throwing a punch and then fight fight
So power down your cell phone and power up your iPod
That we could geto our hands on, sex never last long
Unless that p-ssy is smelling like a Filet-O-Fish
Amazing what my people would do
And your lips downtown just made some familiar faces like whoa! Head down, pussy pussy popping
(All that?)
I like ya hair and every style that ya wear it,
Sauna, Jacuzzi in the back row at the movie
'Cause why tip-toe through life to arrive safely at death
When the dirty birds kick the tree
Thick herringbone chain, one gold with yo' initial
Man I try to rap for the nigga,
For goodness sakes, I'm just a kid
And I just put a computer in the glove compartment
Catch ya man with another bitch up in ya bed
Henessy coke
I bang cock in Bangkok
Let me put one in your boat, so you ? can go to sleep
This is the life you stay strapped and pack a knife