I just treats 'em like I wants to
Oh but you are distant and so it's dead
Well, call on me, darling, I said call on me, and I'll help you.
You gotta go and honey share everywhere else.
Women is losers, oh,
I can't stand no more, my darling, it's just got to be
You said you'd try to look for the end of the road,
I said try try try try try try,
Don't you know it makes the world go round,
Oh, I'll be on my way, you can catch me if you can.
I know that a woman only needs one.
Why, can I get you now, dear, mm, must I hesitate ? Now there's rocks down in the ocean and there's fish in the sea,
Because it
Till I met up with mary jane,
Trust in my love, in my heart
Wait a minute, janis, janis. these were good enough for my grand-father, they're good enough for me.
They're down on me, yeah. Lord, they're down on me, down on me, oh!
You know I, I gotta hurt for my man now,
One more time, let me kiss you
Oh, baby, baby, baby, baby, just can't be.
I've looked everywhere, everywhere
Yes it is, oh yes it is. As good as you've been to this whole wide world,
Course with men beggin' to pay 'em
Well don't give up and I won't give in When you're in need
Yeah, women is losers, oh!
But baby, baby, I said it's over, Charlie,
It's growing stronger day by day
Then close your eyes and I'll be on my way Dream about the days to come
And I know you showed me a new life
I want you to help me, I said allow me to hear
Feels like a ball, ball, oh daddy feels like a ball,
'cause it don't matter what I'm drinkin', lord, as long as it drown this sorrow I'm in. I start drinking friday, I start drinking friday night.
She says she left Texas with just her name.
Tell all about it.
Somethin' grabbed a hold of me, darling,
Yeah, until my, till my misery
Honey, grab it when you're gonna need it!
All right, daddy, take it all! I'll tell you something, man,
It's the dream, afraid of waking
Janis would roll over in her grave if she knew..
You don't either ?
'cause this my-my-my-my-my-my-my-man now
No, no, daddy, you'll be sorry,
Every time you gotta cry.
On that lonesome railroad line
Honey somethin' will grab around the knees, grab me in my heart,
Yeah, get it, want it, need it,
Child, that wind's gonna come and blow my blues away! Time keeps moving on,
Oh, sweet Mary, in our story, have we nothing left to give ?
You know you got it, child, if it makes you feel good. Maybe
You know I got to find me my baby, yeah
Yeah! A man and a woman have each other, baby,
Who could take care of my time.
You actually, literally tore a muscle ... I mean like that ...
I know I hurt you, but Lord don't you know I cried,
Not even your own brother.
Try to block my road
Whoa, won't you let me hold you ?
Can I get you now, dear, mm, must I hesitate ? Lord, if the river was made of whiskey an' I was a duck,
This is a very strange place you have.
Come on, man, now come on, that ain't the name of it,
I just-a want to find someone sincere
And check out the chick's action, right,
They're all trying to feel it, I know they are.
Lord, mama, mama, mama, mama, mama, baby
Why am I feelin' so strange ? ? ?
got 365 days. You got it for one day, man. Well I tell you that one day man, better be your life man, because you know you could say oh man you could cry about the other 364 man, but you're gonna loose that one day man, and That's all you got. You gotta' call
Any day now,
Oh, whoa, whoa, (oh yeah yeah!) waaaah!!
They all turn out the same.
Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta
But then he met a city gal, that's when he throwed me down.
What would I do without you child ?
I'm gonna hold hands with my master
I just got toni-ni-ni-night
Don't you understand my words ?
I woke up and found myself alone.
Cried, cried, cried, cried, cried.
Lord! There's gonna be days like this
I know we can be
Where were you when I wanted ya
N-now all I ever wanted to do was to love you Try to block my road Tell me, tell me, tell me Try to block my road
Make anybody want to sacrifice
Oh no
And wind up staying pull off, put down strung out and stalled.
Weren't you a kind of a, weren't you kind of a business administration major or something in high school. no, it's something in your past. you were ...
Oh baby don't you know I've been looking, hmm.
And you give him a real hard time. It's gonna come on home baby,
No, no, noNo it just can't be
Yes I am, boy, yes I am. Make it the last time, make it the last time
Women is losers, ah.
I lived on the third floor in this little tiny apartment building,
Tell your mama, babe. 
I'm goin' back to where I want to be,
man. I just can't get it together.
Yeah, yeah.
You know that I need a man,
And I got to find, honey have to find my baby
Oh, gimme whiskey, give me bourbon, gimme gin.
I may take a train, baby.
Won't you help me now,
I want to give it right back to you, yes I am!
Hey, I don't like it!
Tell me, tell me, babe,
One that can lend me some change.
And that same man that throwed you outdoors,
Looks like everybody in this whole round world
Hey! Have another little piece of my heart now, baby,
Honey I want you to like it, too.
And I been lookin' for it every since, too, man. However, if you happen to be a very young man,
You know everybody's fighting with each other.
Well, one-arm wrestling I can take you two out of three.
If you're a woman
tomorrow, man. 'Cause you don't need it. 'Cause as a matter of fact, as we
Give it some love, some day it may be you.
Oh but keep truckin' on
You say you won't obey me, you want to see that dollar first
They told me to keep still.
Hey now, mama, mama, mama, mama, baby
Loneliness. Loneliness come botherin' 'round my house
Everybody over at the avalon in san francisco baby
Cried, cried,
I ain't the kind of woman
And I watched her and watched to see what she had, man,
And I can't find me anybody to love, to feel my care So ah work me Lord, use me Lord
Roll all night long,
Hold on to that man whole,
I'll always be around if you ever want me
I'm going back to Black Mountain, me and my razor and my gun.
LP Columbia AS 1377 (promo)
You have, so thank you very much. time to make things happen.
You say that it's over dear,
Or the things to be that wanna be to you.
And then women is losers,
It can't be babe
And I know you feel that you must be through.
And I find i, well I can't see you, baby,
But easy rider don't you deny my name,
Maybe, maybe, maybe, yeah
Wonderin' why, why, why did I ever leave, whoa.
Oh, baby, love you, love you all night long
Yeah!!!
Oh!
And trying to hold somebody
Don't you cry, don't you cry. Cry baby, cry baby, cry baby,
Honey, they'd laugh, I said they'd laugh me right off the street, yeah.
Lord, I start drinking friday, start drinking friday night.
Oh no, oh no. Yeah, easy rider, don't you deny my name, pretty baby doll
It's growing stronger day by day, yeah
Oh no, oh no. I would buy you a plastic suit
Who is the man in this, in this parable, the mule, or the person holding the carrot ?
Cried, cried, cried, cried,
And I would even buy you some cardboard fruit.
When it seems like you're never gonna get your wish
Friends they turn away,
For your love. Well now baby, I'll be anything that you want me to be,
If you wanna love me, honey, please stay home,
What you want,
Keep the faith, baby, keep the faith in me, dear, in my love
You'll be alright
Well, er ...
Honey, I ain't got time to wait on you or to fetch your super-ball,
Yeah, roll all night long.
Don't know when I'll be back again
Get it, get it, hold it, need it, want it,
Honey, I just gotta tell you now,
Figure out what she had going that I didn't have going. I got up at 9:30 in the morning,
But you know I'm very well protected -
, man. that's what it is, man. if you got it today you don't want it tomorrow, man, 'cause you don't need it, 'cause as a matter of fact, as we discovered in the train, tomorrow never happens, m
I think you're just like a servant And try to keep it all to yourself.
One good man,
Alright!
Just to bring all your sweet love home to me. Hey! Fill me like the mountains, yeah, yeah, yeah,
Every time you get lonely sometime.
I don't know, why don't you ask them ?
Come back and believe the magic of love. Cry baby, cry baby, cry baby,
I ain't never gonna love you any better baby
Baby now, I've been missin' you.
Fill me like the sea, Lord,
Good as you've been babe 'Cause I'm just gonna show you now
Yeah, but I'm gonna take good care of Janis, yeah,
You're a real swinger, I can tell by your shoes, man!
Oh, love just draggin' me down, yeah yeah yeah,
I mean so easy like it was second nature, y'know what I mean, man ?
She's got to do the best that she can, yeah!
Dialing For Dollars is trying to find me.
Hurrah, good as you been babe, Come on, good as you been babe,
I said every day I've been searchin' babe,
But I believe that it won't,
Break another little bit of my heart now, darling, yeah,
Every day now, now.
Just like, just like a grave, just like a grave to call
Honey I know she told you that she loved you
Right, right, honey right now Busted flat in Baton Rouge, waitin' for a train
All of my gold, all of my gold. Well, Jack o'Diamonds, oh Jack o'Diamonds, oh I know you of old,
Baby I don't think that I can keep from cryin'
Oh, till the end of time,
He gonna give you love and affection, I'd say get it while you can, yeah,
Whoaaa! an' I'll make everything alright, daddy, I swear! Hey! That girl you had didn't have no sense, dear,
But, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
Throw my love all around you, yeah. Well, a nickel is a nickel, a dime is a dime
And hide myself in sorrow while you play your cheatin' game. Silver threads and golden needles cannot mend this heart of mine
Well I so decided to get up one morning, ha ha ha,
Strange to see you waiting for me
How long, dear, do I have to wait ?
I once was lost
Then they'll turn and run away, oh! Women is losers,
I said, I call him my lover did the best I can, c'mon
Just to shine above the first true love I found. Hey! Fill me like the mountains, yeah, yeah, yeah,
It's so easy to hurt you, darling,
it could be the man I love, I always got something else going, you know what I mean ?
Whatever you give to the world outside,
Well, I know that they don't come with age, no, no,
Baby but you don't know my pain that's right!
Down on me!! Trust in me, baby, give me time, gimme time, um gimme time
Filled up with sadness, sometimes, yeah.
I said you're gonna live your life
That never learns to dance
I don't mean, if you, say maybe you wanna' care for 365 days, right? You ain't
My friends all drive Porsches, I must make amends.
Deep down in your heart I said you know that it ain't right,
Why, you left me here to face it all alone,
For the lucky and the strong Just remember, in the winter
Honey, take me by the hand and play that game again, yeah. Everywhere I go, the people want to make some time with me.
Honey, I'm feelin' low and everyone looks the same.
Baby, now, now,
Women is losers, oh!
Well, I'm gonna try yeah, just a little bit harder
Wonder why when I did the very best I could to love you
Oh baby, oh babe, whoa. And when I work hard all day long
Don't you turn your back on love, no, no, no. When you're loving somebody, baby,
Well in my story that's what it is anyway.
Oh, whoa, whoa, feel it!
I said you're always gonna let me down,
Come on, come on, come on! So you meet somebody on the street,
I'm gonna fire him if he stands still, I'll just cut him if he runs.
Don't you turn your back on love,
C'mon baby, let's ride some more,
And I'll see you sometime
Why am I feelin' so strange ? Yeah, an' I've got me a great,
But whatcha gonna do with your life,
you take the stars out of the night.
The babies cryin' for liquor, and all the birds sing bass.
But I never found out why
Can I get you now, dear, mm, must I hesitate ? I got them Hesitation Stockings, I got them Hesitation Shoes,
You know I got to find me my baby, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
Not coming past, still at last
But I won't be blue always.
I'd just swim to the bottom an' I'd never come up.
Living and loving you. There's a way, oh everybody say
It looks like everybody in this whole round world
Now, now, now!!!
Come on, honey, I want you to tell me, please, yeah. Say oh, oh, oh, oh,
Honey, I want to tell you that I want you to dig it! Now if you believe in magic,
Get it, need it, want it, hold it,
I said, "janis, you know it ain't right". Comin' home, babe,
Go ahead, take it! Yeah! Gutra
That chick was already in the street hustling, man.
What you need.
Still I guess you know, honey I've gotta go. Bye, bye-bye, baby, bye-bye.
C'mon baby, let me thrill your soul
(Alright, yeah!)
You don't know what it's like
Past the willows or an illusion, Lord, tell me the reason why.
Do you, er, do you actually sit down when you get up in the morning and, and write out a song, or do you . . . when you say you write it, you compose it you write it on a paper.
That I'll always be around if you ever want me
Go right ahead!
I know you feel that you're through.
Whoa yeah,
Hey! Alright! Oh ... Now women is losers
Honey I never understood, why when I want to work my hands out,
And don't be worried, everything's just fine
And cry, cry baby, cry baby, cry baby. Some say love, it is a river
Can't sleep at all
(That's what she told me.)
Oh and I know how you feel,
Every time you got to cry, cry, cry,
Loneliness. All is loneliness
Come on and give 'em to me, babe, 'cause I want 'em right now."
Yes, I am, yes I am.
Trying to live when you're all alone
The worst day in the week and they close the bars ?
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee From the Kentucky coal mine to the California sun
It's about men. it's a little hard to tell what it was about 'cause I was standing over there where the sound is a little distorted.
He went right straight downstairs to the chick on the second floor,
To the chick's across from her apartment, right.
Honey, don't you go and turn your sweet back on love,
And you'll always, yeah you'll always be my friend.
And I can't find me anyone to love, to feel my care So honey don't you go and leave me, Lord, no, no, no
You might find out later that the road'll end in detroit,
I'm gonna hold it now,
Oh gutra, baby this is the end
And I know you ain't got no reason to go on
Mary jane, mary jane, lord, my mary jane. Well, I have known women that wanted no man,
Oh, it's only everything.
Anyone to care.
It ain't me babe, it ain't me babe!
No, no, know it just can't be
In the spring, becomes the rose Sitting down by my window,
Could you feel it go ?
I might miss a party. Ball and Chain! Ball and Chain! Ball and Chain. Stay short tonight man, shorten it, shorten it, shorten it. Three, four! Yeah! Work me Lord, work me Lord, please don't you leave me
Hey hey, I gotta talk to my man now, You know I, I gotta feel for my man now,
I'll be one my way an' you can catch me if you can.
You're taking a gamble against some sorrow.
Tell me please what am I askin' now,
I said now men always seem to end up on top, anyway! Oh, they wear a nice shiny armor
Don't take your sweet, sweet love from me! Busted flat in Baton Rouge, waitin' for a train
No you don't and you never ever, ever did.
Child, the living's easy.
And I'll be tryin' and I been cryin' for you, babe,
So I know you must-a heard it all,
Far beneath the bitter snows
No you never ever, no you never ever,
Well, I'm used to it because I'm so turned on by doing one that it's hard to do, it's hard to stop after one to tell you the truth, because it just makes you wanna do more.
Hold me like you'll never let me go 'Cause I'm leaving on a Jetplane
Whoa Road block
Well, I sit here and I ask you, why all this ?
It always seems you hold me, dear,
Oh the last time, darling, please.
I guess I'm gonna make it OK.
The passion lasted for an hour
Feels like, honey sometimes it feels honey like a ball, yeah like a ball and a chain
Don't you know I do! But what good, what good,
'Cause I think too much of your loving, baby
No it just can't be
Mercy! Mercy!
Come on baby, let's ride some more
Until there is a dragon for to slay.
Harry
They, er, there's a dumb mule on there right and a long stick with a string and a carrot, and it hangs over the mule's nose, and it runs after it all day long. some ...
And I got tears in my eyes,
Your head don't feel right, nothin' feels right
Who'd just like to wish you a very happy birthday And happy trails to you until we meet again
Some say love, it is a razor
Roll all night long.
Trying to bring you down
You don't work too hard, baby!
Though I've looked everywhere
One of these days. I'm gonna hold hands with my master
No no no, no no no no. Get it while you can, yeah!
That chick hit the streets at noon.
Oh ain't much, honey ain't much,
Honey I want to tell you it ain't right.
So oh Lord, won't you buy me a color TV? Oh Lord, won't you buy me a night on the town?
But I'm gonna show you, baby, that a woman can be tough. I said come on, come on, come on, come on and take it,
'cause I gotta, gotta, gotta,
You can go all around the world
Now how can that be, how can it be ?
Goin' to kansas city to bring jim jackson home.
When they're falling down, honey, all around you.
I'm goin' down to the river jordan
Breathing in the air Breathe in the air
Honey, it felt to me, honey like, yeah, a ball and chain.
I hid in the stairwell right next
Because I got to find me my baby, yeah
Now now, try to block my road
And every way, every way
That's the price you've got to pay Trust in me, baby, give me time, gimme time
And I believed in you all the time,
Whoa, I guess I moved just one too many times,
Why can't I love you, baby ?
Sweet talkin' mama, baby.
I just got one consolation, I just wail
Hey, hey, comin' home, babe.
Right on this road, right on this road I'm on today, yeah! Well, I know that you got things to do and places to be
And I can't find you babe, no I can't. You don't know, you don't know what it's like,
I get to hold it yeah,
Whoa, it can't be
At least, honey I thought I would give you a chance
Just call on me Just when you feel like you're out on your own
I had a lot of trouble, last week i, er, it wasn't that tune, we opened with another tune and I tore a muscle.
Tell your mama, babe
I'm gonna sit at the welcome table
Who'd treat me like he talks,
I'm never gonna love you right
They'll leave you cryin' for more. Women is losers,
So I know it can't be right
Come on baby, rock me all night long!
Some that wanted to stay.
That could take care of my time.
Whoa, it can't be, babe,
Through all kinds of weather, through everything we done
No, no, no, no, no, babe, baby, never, no, no,
I can't find me anybody to love me and I've looked around
Like a carrot, yeah.
An' I've got a great big bed
I say, good as you been babe,
Oh, Lord, I once had a daddy,
Lord I know that it's dangling,
For my tears. But I've tried.
I know you got more tears to share, babe,
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. (oh won't you feel me too baby!)
I have to defend my entire sex, ladies and gentlemen! the burden of the defense.
C'mon baby, let the good times roll
Loneliness, oh loneliness All is
For your love. I'm an abominable snowman
They're down on me. Saying they're down on me, down on me.
So come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
I got my own little lady, I got my hotel,
(alright alright alright alright) Yeah, we're gonna knock ya, rock ya,
Lord, I swear I never understood and I say please
It's Monday, it's legal, right.
Honey, take me by the hand and play that game again, yeah!!! When I'm on the road, playin' in a town without a name,
You don't know what it's like,
I'm gonna use it till the day I die Don't, expect any answers, dear,
Well, I don't know, I don't know.
And you ain't getting none, man,
It ain't much, no, no honey it ain't much,
That same man throwed you outdoors,
Lord, well it was bringing me down.
Gonna sit at the welcome table
Seven stars, Heaven's eyes,
Feels to me like a ball and a chain now,
That sounds Bye, bye-bye, baby, bye-bye.
Takes a road runner just a little bit uh-longer, dear
If it's a dream I don't want nobody to wake me.
No no no, no no no no no! Ah! Once I had me a man,
Let me hold you daddy, at least until the morning comes.
Hey, hey, hey, hey Road block
It rode us all the way to New Orleans I pulled my harpoon out of my dirty red bandanna
I had a man in Black Mountain, the sweetest man in town.
Why, Try to block my road
And you left me here to face it all alone,
'Cause I know that I could always try
Windshield wipers slappin' time, I was holdin' Bobby's hand in mine
Just like a cry to call.
I don't care, no. you just gotta try to feel it. Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah. Yeah, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, oh come on, boys!
I gotta find him, I gotta have him like the air I breathe.
Honey, you know I did!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah, we're gonna knock ya, rock ya,
I ain't quite a ready for walking,
Don't be afraid, afraid to use it, baby,
All you ever gotta do is be a good man one time to one woman
I mean so handy-like, you know what I mean ?
Everything I own, ha ha ha ha
I gotta leave you, baby, I got to, you know
But you don't know how
I'm goin' back back back back baby, back where I wanna go
N, better be your life, man. because, you know, you can say, oh man, you can cry about the other 364, man, but you're gonna lose that one day, man, and that's all you've got. you gotta call that
Can't be this loneliness
Loneliness come worryin' round my door
Love is supposed to be that special kind of thing
I'm an abominable snowman
Flying for your love,
Maybe I can help you, said uh whoa Oh please, please, oh don't you go and leave me Lord
Lord knows I got them Hesitation Blues.
Well, those people in Black Mountain are mean as they can be.
No you don't, honey no you don't know,
When they see me alone without my loved one, yeah! Oh, now baby, don't you hear me,
I keep trying to make it right
When I change my living standard and I move uptown,
Or you meet somebody on the street
And I'm no better baby and I can't help you no more
Doing all that shit, and every time I found a nice piece of talent
I want you to count, oh count your fingers,
My rooms are so empty, empty, empty, empty.
Baby baby, ah you drive me crazy
I need a new man, Lord I know I won't mind.
1, 2, 3! Down on me, down on me,
Honey, get it while you can, yeah,
I'm a caterpillar
To be lived with you, babe,
I said all I ever wanted to do was Try to block my road
Oh wah wah ah sit there, hmm, count,
Whoa, I need a man to love me
Whaa mama babe! Yeah
Oh, you were asked, weren't you ?
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please,
But she never hollers cuckoo till the fourth day of July. Said Jack o'Diamonds, well Jack o'Diamonds, well I know you of old,
Does it have to be
Yeah, but even if
She knows he's taking her for granted, yeah yeah,
Whoa, if I could ever hold your little hand
And I ain't got you, babe, oh but I've been looking 'round.
Yeah, I don't wanna mess your life around! So if you love me like you tell me that you're doing, dear
La da da da da da da
Why you always want to go, honey and let me down baby.
Then you find, babe, that you've been misused,
And I'm just gonna make you want it now
Everybody have-have-have have a lot of fun, I know, I know!
I can't stand another lo-lo-lonely,
Don't take your sweet, sweet love from me. Baby, when you're down and feel so blue,
And count your fingers.
So Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz? Oh Lord, won't you buy me a color TV?
Tell me, tell me, tell me now Try to block my road
I promise.
To see a distant light, to hear a far-off horn
You catch me tryin', boys, you catch me tryin'. Man, will your daughter take on me ?
Now my man can clear off, I've got the Blackest Mountain blues. INSTRUMENTAL I'm a caterpillar
Try to block my road Ha ha
No, no, no, no! Why, thank you! I don't smoke.
As good as you've been now,
One of these days. Hon, I'm so alone.
So good I want to be right back to you.
But a high school major in art does have plenty of time.
Yeah, I'm gonna try yeah, just a little bit harder
I ain't too hard to find, ha ha ha ha ha
D'you ever see those mule carts ?
It was the last time
that love, man. That's what it is, man. If you got it today you don't wear it
Whoa mama babe!
Get it, squeeze it, love it, touch it,
Bobby thumbed a diesel down, just before it rained
We sang every song that driver knew Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Well, I keep moving on
Gonna find that blessed salvation
Well, I don't remember, I don't have any friends in your high school class.
Happy trails to you, keep smiling until then
discovered on the train, tomorrow never happens, man. It's all the same fucking
I'm a pterodactyl
Over on the other side, say, not quite got it right this very minute.
Hey, hey, hey, Bobby McGhee, yeah A woman left lonely will soon grow tired of waiting,
Hey, my Bobby
There's gonna be nights when you can't sleep
Oh yeah
Goin' to kansas city, yeah, to make my man my own. I'll walk on beauty street with an idea I might stay,
Someone to use you
Don't you know how hard it is trying to live all alone
Can't be now
Your love, la, la, la, la wah, whoa love, love
Whoa, whoa, oh yeah, like a turtle
Anything I can do
Mary jane, mary jane, lord my mary jane. Try, try, try just a little bit harder
Need it, want it, hold it, Yeah hey, get it while you can, baby,
Nothin', don't mean nothin' hon' if it ain't free, no no
Love all just dangling ? Honey, I fear that it's dangling,
And then she wilted from her loved one. Once in a green time a flower
Bobby McGhee, yeah La da La la da da la da da la da da
I wanna talk about a little bit of loving, yeah,
Please, a little more time
All right! You're out on the street looking good, honey,
Oh baby, baby, baby, baby,
You're gonna spread your wings, child,
Ah honey won't you hold on to what's gonna move
Have another little piece of my heart now, baby, yeah.
That you think you can. Please don'tcha do it to me babe, no!
Seems like anything, it could be the telephone company man,
Oh honey, welcome back home. Don't you know, honey,
All right. Some girls they want to collect their men,
Well no more, oh, darling, oh!
No no no no no no no no no no no no no no.
Honey maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe yeah Well I know that it just doesn't ever seem to matter, baby
I'm never too lonely. It's over baby,
Well, I used to be a, be a doggone fool,
Someone to hear you
I wrote the first tune. it's, er, yes I did, it's about men.
You know you got it if it makes you feel good,
T's all the same fucking day, man. Well, baby, when times are bad,
Everybody's dancing, they're singing romance
And a chain. You say that it's over baby, Lord,
Kind of person down here, I know better
Maybe you will now,
Yeah!
Well, don't hurt me, darling, now you know how to do it so well
Yeah yeah!
Yes she played me for the fool I tell ya
That saved a wretch like me.
Yeah hey, hold it while you can,
I guess you know you're on your own,
I said love, I said love, oh, my soul! Baby baby baby love your daddy all night long
You loved me, too,
Be the last person I ever wanna meet. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
Whaa mama babe!
Don't you go and spoil it babe, by trying to get yourself all uptight. Don't you know that you're nothing more than a one night stand.
Hey! Hey! Have another little piece of my heart now, baby,
Oh, it's only every little thing,
Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz?
Happy trails to you until we meet again Happy Birthday, John, from the Full Tilt Boogie Band Ah, I'm a mean, mean woman
Yeah, maybe later we'll be talking too. you're really shot after, after a number, let alone a whole evening I would think.
Honey, they'd laugh me off the street!
Yeah, alright, yeah! Say oh, oh oh oh,
And I thought I had my shit pretty good together, man. You know I was out on the streets talking and talking,
Oh! Now call me mean, you can call me evil, yeah, yeah,
As good as you've been to this whole wide world, So good I want to be.
I mean, if you gotta' care for one day, man.
And I'll never drown my sorrow in the warm glow of your wine.
I think-a every day for my man now, You know it, every way for my man now.
There's gonna be people
I need you, darling, like the fish needs the sea,
Whoa, it can't be.
My unhappy oh little girl, little girl blue, yeah. Oh sit there, oh count those raindrops
Honey this can't be
To what you might ever hear from your man,
As good as you've been, babe,
No, no, no no, no no, no,
You know how I've cried.
Baby now, I've been missin' you. Tried,
Take another little piece of my heart now, baby,
There can never, never, never be any secret,
And if you need me, you know
Sometimes I feel, honey, honey that I need to know why
You try to block my road, yeah yeah
But when you hold me in your arms, I'll sing it once again. I'll say come on, come on, come on, come on and take it!
(spoken: this is an ol' little richard tune called 'oh my soul') Oh, my soul!
Don't matter where you come from,
Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, yeah Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe dear
Oh daddy, good as you been babe,
Hey! I've waited so long for someone so fine I ain't gonna lose my chance, no I don't want to lose it,
Baby, a big monkey, a little monkey, a chimpanzee. Oh now,
So you better take it now, right now, ohh It don't make no difference baby,
Baby, surrounding me.
No, no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no yeah.
And that'll be the end of the road, babe,
A woman left lonely, Lord, that lonely girl,
But to have you here, to see you living,
Trying to find something to do with your life, baby,
Honey, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe
What you need, what you want
You're gonna rise, rise up singing,
Well, I drink all night but the next day I still feel blue!!! Hey mama, mama, come a look at sister,
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I don't either. I don't either, believe me.
So many times I've played around
Oh honey, you know what I mean,
Come on let me, honey, let me be, yeah!
And let the 2:19 ease my troubled mind. Trouble in mind, I'm blue,
'cause you're not with me now. Well, I know that Bye-bye, baby, bye-bye.
Somethin' goin' on.
I don't know what else, what else
I'm gonna use it till the day I die Don't make no difference, babe, no, no, no,
You can't buy my love with money, for I never was that kind,
Honey don't you know it's time,
Fish are jumping out
Honey, just close your eyes.
Dying for your love
Honey, until I found out you know that I was so wrong.
They wear 'em like notches on a gun.
Just look over your shoulder honey
No you never ever, ever, ever,
Hush, baby, baby, baby, baby now,
How long, dear, must I have to wait ?
Can't you see I'm still left here
Yeah! Road block
Breathing in the air Breathing in the air
So, baby, now, now,
Honey make me understand why love just feels so heavy on me, darling,
Loneliness before me. All is loneliness
Your engine is revved up ?
But I won't be blue always,
Lord, the women are always singin' the blues.
Oh! But easy rider don't you deny my name,
Well, I know you must-a heard it all,
I said it might be true for you, honey,
Lord, it'll be, it'll be such a sunny day
Did you hear me ? I said love.
Can't you just take a look at me and tell,
Won't you move over. You know that I need a man, honey,
Yeah, women is losers,
I'm leavin', yeah I'm gonna go to kansas city, ha ha ha,
I never expected that out of Toronto, man.
Lord, that sun's gonna shine in my back door someday. I'm gonna lay my head
Then I'll cry, yeah. Silver threads and golden needles cannot mend this heart of mine
Will all be gone. Whoa, I said my rooms, you know,
But you know, honey I'll always,
Tell mama all about it
He said he'd give me everything in sight.
Move on. You say that it's over, baby, oh,
Just call on me There's gonna be rain when you least expect
Lord!
Oh, come on home to me!
So oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz? Busted flat in Baton Rouge, waitin' for a train
Oh man, where are you gonna catch your river
Hey now, Bobby McGhee, yeah Woo
And so often people are glad to be old, yeah yeah,
Yeah, they gotta come up with some kind of heavy line.
Oh no, oh no. Well, I got a girl with a diamond ring,
An' I'll see you in a funny place some old day,
But you may not be with me, darling, when I do
I said I've been lonely, lonely, I've been searchin' for you,
Lord! Fill me like the mountains, yeah, yeah, yeah,
All I want's the love you promised, beneath the halo moon.
I read about that in the papers today
Busted flat in Baton Rouge, waitin' for a train
They'll leave you with no one else around to play.
Hey daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy, now now now.
Now come on, I said come back
Worked hard all my lifetime, no help from my friends,
An endless, aching need
Ooh! Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz?
'cause I could use some company
To leave me one more time, I can't stand no more
Yes, he did
I'll be your shelter
I've been lonely, lonely, look around baby
Hey, but lately I been sleepin', sleepin' alone. But I've tried,
I don't know, boy, I don't know. Well, I'm going down that mississippi river,
if you were lookin', or lonely,
I just heard that he stole all your clothes, hey. Well, tell mama
Every little thing," and I think I can.
Well, well, yeah! Sounds like I found the man
Honey, I told you that now
Don't you cry, don't you cry. One of these mornings
Whoa, go on!
But you lied, you know it's true.
All I've ever got to do is call my daddy's name
Have another little piece of my heart now, baby,
That all you ever gonna have to count on
Mary jane, mary jane, lord, my mary jane. Now I walk in the street now lookin' for a friend
Honey I never understood and I said please
I say love, it is a flower
Honey, what good could it ever bring
Oh, my soul! Baby baby baby, give me all the love you've got
Loneliness ... I been rockin' and reelin', lord as long as I can be
And cry, cry baby, cry baby, cry baby. ( recording of july 28 1966, san francisco )
Hold you, need you, want you, need you, hold you,
Well, no, you won't drown, darling, I'll be there, too.
You know, feelin' good was good enough for me
So long, my honey, so long. Well, I get the feeling I could chase you clean on in the ball
Your love brings life to me,
But whatcha gonna do with your love,
Otherwise were you different in comparison with them, or were you ?
Tell that I live, honey I live and I breathe for you,
But don't we all know, babe, if we're pressed to, that that's the way we live.
I heard about this. you tore a mussel somewhere near maryland. er ...
Well, yeah! Honey, I hear you talkin' about sorrow,
Ooh, ooh, ooh, whoo, ooh ... Honey, I love to go to parties
I may wind up in the street or sleep beneath a tree,
Yes I am, boy, yes I am. Well, I'm goin' on that big belle louise,
I don't know.
So I won't lose, lose, lose him to nobody else. Hey! Well, I don't care how long it's gonna take you now,
I guess I should've known it, I guess I should've known it all along.
To find their way in this world.
Ooh ah, honey I know,
That my feelings, lord, they'd never been heard.
Gotta try the feeling, gotta try. Whoa, lordy, whoa, whoa, whoa, alright!
Honey, don't ya know I have!
I'll tell you what you need, man,
As good as you've been to this whole wide world,
Child, filled up with sadness, honey, sometimes, sometimes. Oh well it just, it just moves in,
But what good, what good,
And I don't mean no one man, no good, no.
C'mon baby, let's ride some more
Whoa Tell me why, just because I get to want your love Honny just because I gotta get need,need,need your love, I said I don't understand honny when I wanna turn you high high high , Try..... Try..Try...Honny when everybody in the world whant's the same damm thing, when everyone in the world will need the same loonley thing, when I wanna work for your love dad when I wann try for your love dad, I don't understand,how come you're gone, man. I don't understand why half the world is still crying, man, when the other half the world is still crying too,
No, I worked.
Whoaa ... lord, lord lord lord!! Thank you. Five very very nice people, one great big talent, big brother & the holding company.
From denyin', from denyin'. And I say you don't say no, no, no, to me no more.
Don't you know I've tried.
I don't have a lot, man.
C'mon baby, let's close the door
Darling, please! Come on back to me
Come back and believe the magic of love. Hey! Come back, babe, and believe my love
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
Honey I want you I need you, babe I've gotta have you,
I think not. I didn't go to the high school prom, and er ...
Let me help you show me how
And needed ya right by my side ?
When I've just talked to you with your love on my mind.
I never treats 'em, honey like I should.
Roll all night long. Janis Joplin!! Three, four. Yeah!!!
Break another little bit of my heart, honey, yeah.
When you only gotta do one thing well,
Yeah.
I been all around the world,
When I got my baby, oh Lord! And when they tell me love is pain
Yeah, I'm gonna try yeah, just a little bit harder So I can give, give, give, give him every bit of my soul.
Lord, no
I said everywhere, every day, every day
Honey, I tell you that I was, I was very, very blind.
Baby, it won't be too long,
Honey, she doesn't understand, no no no no! Well, the fevers of the night, they burn an unloved woman
Yes I got my baby, good good God,
Catch me, daddy, 'cause I'm movin' on.
I'm so lonesome, I could die So kiss me and smile for me
Let me prove what I say. Come back and believe my love,
What you want.
Honey, don't you go off and leave me, Lord
Never, never, no, no, no.
An' didn't I give you nearly everything that a woman possibly can?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, yeah! Half moon, night time sky,
Prove that you love me and buy the next round,
Oh! I said I'm goin' on down to brownsville
What happened ?
Yes and I've got to love every man she's ever had, yeah. If I found a man who could put me down the way you do
Ah yeah. Ready ? Well, I'm going down that mississippi river,
Hey hey hey, try yeah-hey, oh, try... Live your loving life,
Lord, I'm bound for Black Mountain, me and my razor and my gun,
So I can love, love, love him, I tell myself
I'm gonna need it now,
Oh, my Bobby McGhee, yeah La la la la la la la la
Well no more without you, please!
Loneliness come botherin'
Constantly chasing her man ...
Whoa, baby, it just can't be
Hop now, hop now, hop now, hop now, hop now, hop now, whoa, yeah! Janis it's a shame you couldn't do an up tune for us but I liked that one.
Oh babe, I hate to go (And I'm)
You just make it up, I don't write songs, I make them up.
Well, I'm going on that big belle louise,
Like the fog rolls in.
Oh, don't turn your love away, no no no no no no no
You're gonna learn, learn, learn to love people, yeah. Oh god, I wish I could explain it myself,
And something's trying to hold on to me
But still you hang around me, come on,
Well, I'm talkin' to you about love,
I've changed a lot somehow,
I'm gonna find that blessed salvation
Phew!
And every time that she passes, my true love says good-bye,
Lord, the sky. But until that morning,
Tell your mama, babe,
I heard somebody say, oh, "The older the grape
A simple conversation for the new men now and again
Well, they always hold something more than they're prepared to give.
But maybe you could help me
Like my old mary jane.
Come on, come on, come on! As good as you've been to this world
I'll be your strength
Did you take a part in football games ?
He watches Huckleberry Hound on his TV.
I feel it's time,
Yeah, because it's got to be such a long, long, long way
Not coming past, still at last Lord! fill me like the mountains, yeah, yeah, yeah,
But you may not be with me darling when I do
Like a carrot darling!
And I'm holding on in needing you Please, please, please, please
I guess I'm gonna make it somehow.
No you don't, no, no, no, you don't know,
Feels like a ball and chain.
Baby, tell me why,
Oh what are you talking about!
Anybody now, everybody now. Good as you've been babe, hurrah!
All about it
Honey, grab it while you can,
Break it, break it, break it, yeah.
Oh ? er, er, er, I have no immediate plans, ha ha ha!!
Baby, come back, and believe my love,
Why, why did I ever leave,
Had a little two rooms and a dog, right. I lived on the third floor and I used to walk around town and I had,
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la
No, no, no, oh, please, hmm please, don't you leave me, Lord Am I on? Okay
Oh, ain't no problem
Just look over your shoulder, you're not alone When you're in need
Don't you understand me, baby ?
Every time you get lonely, lonely, lonely,
I wanted to try and build a life with you,
Feels to me, oh like a ball and a chain
Yeah, sort of!
Too bad you had to drift away
Said he'd give me everything in sight.
I'm afraid I can't say
Oh no, no
I can't understand it! Oh, the last time that I saw you
Oh, to love anybody.
Yes I am, boy, yes I am. Oh man, where are you gonna catch your river
But not for Janis no more, no no no no.
Honey, grab it while you can, yeah!
Much more than I did,
And I tried to help you darling.
Said I like it like that,
Yeah. and do you think you'll have a lot to say to your old high-school classmates ?
Don't you turn your sweet back on love,
'cause I want ya need ya, I gotta have ya
I'm counting on you, Lord, please don't let me down.
Oh, feel 'em falling down, oh honey all around you.
C'mon baby, let the good times roll,
Talkin' 'bout my man. You know, I want ya, need ya, I gotta have ya
It's so hard, I guess it's hard not to do.
HOW DO YOU KNOW? HAVE YOU TALKED TO HER LATELY? Try, try, try just a little bit harder
There Bobby shared the secrets of my soul
Honey, you don't know what it's like
I kept thinking, Janis, why are you doing wrong suddenly ?
Well, says good-bye, well says good-bye,
You know you treat him mighty fine,
That's hidin' underneath its hard-ass shell.
Ah then women is losers,
Yeah!!! ha ha ha ha ha, yeah! Hon, when I'm sittin' round late in the evenin', child,
I guess I'm just like a turtle
Somebody told you 'cause you got to know
Whoa, whoa, looking at the rain.
Yeah, those red-hot flames try to push old love aside.
Every time you gotta cry. Well, I'll tell you, dear
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord!
And it never ever will, eh,
Hey, I gotta know now.
Much more that it seems it should be.
Oh try oh yeah, try oh yeah!
And who could be foolin' me ?
And I've been dyin'. I said now every day I got a little bit, babe,
Yeah, yeah,
But I hope honey that when you remember,
Good as you've been babe, hey!
You wouldn't believe me anyway, no, no, no.
If you got a cat for one day, man I mean, if you, say, say, if you want a cat for 365 days, right you ain't got him for 365 days, you got him for one day, man. well I tell you that one da
Hey hey hey, try yeah-hey, oh, try... Ooh! Yeah yeah! Alright, yeah yeah! Now alright! Everybody's dying,
La da da da da da da da
Whoa,
Lord, it was bringing me down.
Ah honey, I'd hate to be the one
How long, dear, mm, do I have to wait ?
I hate to wake you up to say goodbye But the dawn is breaking, it's early morn
But I never did promise you nothing, right ? I see what you mean.
Hop now, hop now, hop now, hop now, hop now, hop now,
Honey, take me by the hand and play that game again. Don't you know that you're nothing more than a one night stand.
Someone to want you
Can't be just loneliness
Now they uses gun powder just to sweeten up their tea.
My friends all drive Porsches, I must make amends,
But I believe that someday and somehow it's bound to come along
Honey and I start looking to find
Just-a everything, everything
(Preferably a young man)
I've been called much of some things around,
Road block, alright, alright, alright
I want to just put my arms around ya, like the circles going 'round the sun.
And the road has been too long
Catch me tryin', you catch me tryin'.
Fall for a woman's story every time.
Whatever your troubles, honey, I don't care. A man and a woman have each other, baby,
So how come you just sit there and laugh
You shouldn't mind paying the price, any price, any price
Seven stars, Heaven's eyes.
All right, yeah hey. When I'm on the road playin' in a town without a name,
Now now now now now now now now now now now now... I'm goin' down to the river jordan
When I won't have to leave you alone
Down on me. When you see a hand that's held out toward you,
Say no more, oh no more,
I said the last time, oh the last time,
Oh, fell in love with the sun.
Try oh yeah (just a little bit harder)
There's too much happening, why sleep, man?
Won't-t-t-t-t-t-t you hear me I gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta tell you,
Road block
But you think I should be happy with your money and your name
And laugh and laugh and laugh ?
And you swear that you just don't know why,
Let me hold you just once
Oh, one good man
When I lay my head down, I wanna go to sleep,
Come on and cry, cry baby, cry baby, cry baby,
But something is driving me, oh back
Oh won't you take it on down,
I feel so useless down here with no one to love
That's what I want oh, was to be
You're looking real good, real good
Every day I keep pushing, keep trying to move forward
What do they do, do they set a muscle or do they tape you up or something ?
When I got my baby, Lord, yes,
And my little, oh, girl blue.
Oh yes indeed.
I hear you talking about my sorrow,
No it just can't be, oh no!
I got liberated! I don't know, I just started to sing and singing makes you want to come out because painting, I feel, keeps you inside, you know ? and once you start singing you just sort of wa
I gotta find, I gotta want it, gotta need it,
Well, it's feelin' good and you're the one I'm lovin' tonight,
Hey, hey, hey, Bobby McGhee, yeah
I was playin' soft while Bobby sang the blues, yeah
I wake up one morning, I realize
Loneliness before me.
Like a carrot baby!
Tell your mama, babe! Hey! Every time you get lonely, lonely, lonely,
Goin' to kansas city to bring jim jackson home. Now well I used to drink and I'm gonna buy a gallon
Bye-bye, baby, bye-bye. So long, my honey, so long.
And why can't anyone ever tell me, now ?
I never wanted a mansion in the south.
Love, don't you know how long I looked for you
Alright on the road block
But now I'm old enough to change my name.
Tell your mama, babe. What you need
I keep pushing so hard a dream,
That never takes the chance It's the one who won't be taken
Go ahead! I don't want your golden mansions with a tear in every room,
And I'm feelin' low an' everybody looks the same.
Oh, to make up my mind, I gotta make up my mind
Honey, I cry all the time!
I just heard that he quartered your clothes, hey! Well, tell mama
Man, that's the worst, ha ha!
'Cause I got m-my baby, oh yeah. And when I wanna call the names
And every time you leave I make the very same vow
But I never knew what happened in this world
I said bye, bye b-bye baby, baby bye-bye!! Ah ah ah ah
You were not surrounded by friends in high school ?
Can't I show you how hard it is
Trying to hold somebody when you're lonely
Oh anybody, oh anybody, oh anybody,
Than I did when just a girl But it don't make no difference babe, no, no,
Hey, feelin' good was good enough for me, mm-hmm
To make your life a bed of ease.
Hey, hey, hey Bobby McGhee, yeah
Tell me why, why is it all so hard ?
Yeah and I got m-my baby, Lord, yeah,
I said now every time I turn around
Cause I can't find you with my love,
I know all the hip expressions, you see. your engine is revved up.
I can tell you they're feeling good
Yes I have now. Well, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me
Honey you robbed me of my silver and out of all my gold,
Ah, the way you love your mother,
You're playing with me.
Oh darling, oh darling,
Thank you very much. sorry for the delay and we want to thank you very much, I think you're a whole lot of people, as compared to like people in new york who wouldn't remain as patient, or as ki
Oh babe, I hate to go I'm leaving on a Jetplane
And you think that love is only
Hey would you like to go ?
Or gonna want to lean on
C'mon baby, rock me all night long!
Yeah hey, get it while you can,
Yeah, but if you, if you just wanna go out drinkin', honey,
Sweeter the wine, sweeter the wine" Oh, my love is like a seed, baby, just needs time to grow
Yeah, take it on down now now, Softer babe, a little softer babe,
Nothin', that's all that Bobby left me, yeah
Oh daddy, like you always saying to do. And when you walk around the world, babe,
Part of a magic race. Come back, and believe my love
Flying for your love
But I played forty minutes, man! I did forty minutes!
One lovin' man to understand can't be too much to need.
Crawling for your love
Oh, love's holdin' on to me,
If you don't wanna love me, baby, please stay gone.
Whoa, hear me now.
I had a man in Black Mountain, the sweetest man in the town.
And there's a glass on the table, they say it's gonna ease all my pain.
But I didn't know enough at the time
You wanted to leave me here, honey in so much pain
You better try harder, man. Trouble in mind, I'm blue
Why don't you remove this error from your site. It perpetuates an Internet and urban legend that is simply not true.
You don't know my pain.
Waaah Try to block my road
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. Woman, woman, it just makes me mad.
I said I, I gotta work for my man now,
But if it gets too pale after a while
Tell me that you'll wait for me
Lie the seed, that with the sun's love
Anytime you're weak
I said it's gonna visit you now,
To be holdin' Bobby's body next to mine Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Hmm, don't you know I've been searching,
Baby, I'd even would be a-climbing up your tree. I'm a pterodactyl
Don't matter if it's, chicago new york city, san francisco, hawaii or alaska,
To my way of life, why? Oh please, please, oh don't you go and
Oh... Well you know, if they told you they want you
Whoa, help ... I've been misery 'n,
Yeah, my good man left me, went away and left me here.
I'm going to my 10th annual high school reunion.
I left it behind me, honey, now I see, yeah.
There was another chick on the second floor, right. And I couldn't understand, I couldn't understand,
Oh so near to me, yeah, yeah, yeah.
They'll come around by your door.
I want you to help me, fill it up baby,
La da da da da da da da da
But you know I can take care of those country girls
Tell me, how long do I have to wait ?
And those people in Black Mountain are mean as they can be.
Feels so bad on my back, babe,
Hey, hey, hey, Bobby McGhee, yeah Didn't I make you feel like you were the only man, yeah,
Yeah, but that's the way
No, no, no, never did, I never did.
You left me here to face it all alone, yeah!
Honey ain't it hard when you're all alone.
For your love. Falling for your love
Oh, I'll be so good to ya babe, yeah!
Whoa, lord, every night.
Every day I keep trying to move forward
All right, All right motherfucker, you sing! You know I, I dealt the Ace to the Queen,
That's okay, if the next day I can be free.
'cause they can't do nothing to make a man feel good
Lord, I drink all night but the next day I still feel blue. There's a glass on the table, they say it's gonna ease all my pain,
But now I'm found
Loneliness Loneliness come worryin' round my door
Our love affair is just history, yes it is. Once in a green time a flower
Whoa, down by my window, baby,
Yeah. did you ever get back to port arthur, texas ?
But it only make you cry.
'Cause how could anything ever go wrong
Yeah, I had to get out of Texas, baby,
O talk to people more and go out more and, you know, your lifestyle's becomes more a come-out, flow-out thing instead of a hold-it-and-be-quiet type.
Later in the show.
That never learns to live When the night has been too lonely
Lord I'm leavin', yeah I'm leavin' this mornin'
All right, get it! Yeah!
When you told me that you love me I believed you, darling,
Can't solve at all Just when you feel like you can never win
Lord, I'm feelin' lowdown, just give me another glass of beer. What good can drinkin' do, what good can drinkin' do ?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no,
Don't turn your face away from me, dear, oh you leave a lost girl
I never ran in a football game 200 yards
You told me that you love me I believed you, darling,
Take another little piece of my heart now, baby.
And the soul afraid of dyin'
"Honey, you can do anything,
Harry, please come home
When I say, I say tell me, come on man,
Come on up, because I've got to go
Honey, don't you understand my word ?
Oh man shit, man...
And, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
Oh, baby, baby, baby, baby, it just can't beNo it just can't be
Road block Yeah Try to block my road, daddy daddy daddy
Yeah ... Oh, the cuckoo, she's a pretty bird, and she warbles when she flies
I've got lots of things I've got to do. So long, my honey, so long.
That you think you can. But please don'tcha do it to me, babe, no!
What you need
A woman left lonely, she's the victim of her man, yes she is.
Well, I got my own trouble, I got my own car,
Did they make you different ?
Woke up an' found myself alone,
Use it, need it, want it, get it,
Ah baby, yes indeed. I said you, you're always gonna hurt me,
Lord, she learned a brand new game.
Like a carrot baby.
Whoaa ... yeah!!! You thought you had found yourself a good girl,
Oh! Easy rider don't you deny my name,
Who cannot seem to give
I'm standing here outside your door
But something is driving me, oh, back
For your love. I don't understand how come you're gone, man. I don't understand why half the world is still crying, man, when the other half of the world is still crying too, man, I can't get it together. i
Well alright, well alright. Well I guess I move once too often, babe,
Gonna sing at ya now. Do do do do do do do do do do do do do. Right now we're gonna do ... we wanna do a song right now, I hope no one hangs around, one more little song, it's all we gonna do, this is called "the farewell song" written by sam.
Yeah, but how do you, how do you tear a muscle singing, was it from the exhaustion or ...
About the times that I won't have to say So kiss me and smile for me
Lord, Lord, Lord! All is loneliness before me
And if you pay no attention darling
And you, it's only seed It's the heart, afraid of breaking
Yeah, yeah, comin' home, babe
Cause everybody came to me one time and said,
They don't exist on paper your songs, don't they ?
And I said I sit around and I'm a-wonderin'
Forget me down here, don't forget me, Lord
Someone to talk to you,
But you settled for a place right in my heart,
Anything I can do for you, baby. Tell your mama, babe!
Does this mean I have to hide to cry, cry all the time?
Silver threads and golden needles cannot mend this heart of mine.
Well, it's lookin' good and you're the one that's lovin' tonight,
But I wish he could see me crying today,
That leaves your soul to bleed Some say love, it is a hunger
'cause I know that it's my fault, dear.
You know it
I know it just can't be, darling, no no.
I felt apart from them.
You know, a couple of pairs of Levis and a couple T-shirts
That I didn't have. And I'll tell you what she had man,
Loneliness come worryin'
The way I loved you, baby,
The way I try to do ?
Say, good as you been babe,
Tell me why, sometimes darling
No, no, no, oh! You say you come from Texas, baby,
And when I wanna reach out my hand
Make up your mind, honey,
Oh no, oh no. Play it! Well, I got a horse and he lives in a tree,
I said now every day I've been searchin' babe,
Well, I went out searchin' for somethin', baby,
Always turns out the same.
But I drink it down, an' the next day I feel the same. Gimme whiskey, gimme bourbon, give me gin.
But nobody, nobody has to ever be so blind,
Ah maybe that man could help me
It's gonna feel just like those raindrops do
And that ain't the end of it, you know what I mean.
Honey, something's trying to hold on to me, to my way of life So don't You forget me down here, Lord, no, no, no
And I's feelin' near as faded as my jeans
Honey, welcome back home. I know she told you,
Whoa, call me mean or call me evil
Talkin' 'bout my baby,
I hope so.
it just makes me mad
Why the hell there ain't another way, oh! Women is losers
You'll watch out for 'em and you'll wonder
Oh, baby baby, well you drive me crazy
Hey hey, try to block my road
I may be seeing you around
Well no more, well no more,
You went away, had your chance to say,
I'm gonna walk and talk with jesus
Men always seem to end up on top anyway.
Hello, John, this is Janis
If she wants my man I'll just change my ways.
"I love you and I need you baby"
Carry no heavy load
Well I'm twenty-five years older now
Please, honey, don't you leave me, I feel so useless down here
She's a-standing on the levee trying to do that twist,
Well, I don't care what the name of the game is, baby, I tell you
Hey! Rings of cloud, arms aflame,
Hey, mama, mama, mama, mama, babe. Tell mama all about it
Come back, babe and believe my love,
They laughed me out of class, out of town, and out of state, man.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I gotta sleep sometime.
C'mon baby, let's close the door,
Whoa I say now, if they don't desert you,
Babe I'm all upset too,
When you wonder what's gonna happen next
'Cause if the jury convicts him, the judge will pay his bail.
You're not alone Ooh! Hey, hey, now!
Somebody talks as fine as he does
You need a sweet lovin' mama, babe. You need someone to listen to you,
Every time you get lonely sometime. Every time you got to cry, cry,
Said now, every morning I realize,
Lord, now you've heard my story, now you've heard my news.
I think that you know I did.
But I don't think you're gonna find anybody, not anybody
Baby, surrounding me
When you've got yours and I got mine.
Who'd make your life a bed of ease, ha ha ha ha!
That's the price that we both got to pay I gotta know, know that I'm ready, oh ready to settle down
But I don't understand why you always pick the time
I want the sky without the sun, now!
So good I want to be here. Ain't no use in being faithful,
And they want to feel more, it's sure 'nuff. Oh yeah, yeah yeah
An', an' baby, I've been missin' you,
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, yeah.
I said it's gonna come right back home to you.
And sometimes, honey, sometimes you're bound to lose.
Back into my home, back in owens, oklahoma. Gutra...
But then I wake up on sunday, child, there ain't nothin' that's right. My man he left me, child, he left me here.
Oh babe, I hate to go Now the time has come to leave you
So oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz? Summertime, time, time,
Ever since my daddy gone, yeah.
Help each other, honey, if you can
Please! Now, come back, babe, and believe my love,
Because it's got to be such a long, long way from cryin'
Oh honey, go on and sit right back down,
Fall for that old woman's story every time.
Makes a touchy situation when a good face come into your head.
Oh, I've been missin' you, babe! Yeah, and it all seems to bother me
I could use a little help sometime
Cause I ain't got you, that's all I've ever wanted,
Our love affair said it's just history, yes it is. And I tried to love you in my own way,
It's fantastic! I was across the river from the club last night, I never had more fun in my life! except sometimes in california I have more fun.
Oh to love anybody.
Baby I don't think
Now now now now now now now now now now now now...
Just call on me
They're so empty, empty, empty, empty, empty.
Ah, ah, don't you forget me, Lord
Well, cold sheets made me realize
Honey, get it while you can, yeah!
Oh! oh! take movies and bring 'em back to show us, will you ?
I'm gonna find me my man I say, get a pair of overalls.
And if you ever need a drink that should be on Sunday,
I'm not the kind of woman, no,
And the cotton, Lord,
And then she wilted from her loved one. And I see you looking up at the sky, how high it is, yeah.
Honey, what awfully good can it ever, ever bring,
But if it's a dream I don't want No I don't really want it
One good man.
Cried,
No, I went ... like that.
Whoa yeah, I gotta
Tell, tell, tell me darling please, I'm gonna need it,
You only gotta do one thing well to make it in this world, babe.
With two pillows for my head.
And each time I tell myself that I, well I've just had enough,
Come, come, come on, come on, come on, and help me now.
Feels just like a ball,
Ha ha ha ha, you don't work too hard, baby!
To love anybody.
Which I want you to know is an effort on my part.
But you never ever, no you never ever,
Honey, what good could ever do
So if someone comes along,
Well I can mess around in that farm-yard.
And he never questions my reason why,
Oh honey, but I know better than that,
Don't try to take it!
The worst you can say all about me is that I'm never satisfied Use me Lord
Silver threads and golden needles cannot mend this heart of mine. [Instrumental] Now when I go to work, I work all day,
When you wake up an' it doesn't feel right, man,
I say try, try yeah, oh try yeah,
Oh if I could pray and I try, dear
He's lookin' for that home, and I hope he finds it
As good as you've been now, say,
Honey, you robbed me of my silver and out of all my gold. Said the cuckoo, she's a cruel bird, and she warbles when she flies
Leaving on a Jetplane
Oh honey, I want to talk about love
I just wanted to love you, darling,
Now, now, now, now, good-bye,
I'm so sorry babe, I said I'm so very sorry babe,
Things just can't be this way
It's only everything, whoa. An' I don't want much outa life,
How were you different from your schoolmates when you were a teenager ?
I get to hold it, baby,
Your love brings life to me, yeah. All right. We'll sue you! Oh, it's Sunday, right ?
I mean I didn't use to get up till three.
I've got all this happiness
Dressed in the mystic silk
Yes I, I'm a big boy now,
'cause you're not with me now! So long, my honey, so long.
You're not alone, I'm there, too,
I said-a, baby, baby, don't you feel me moving,
In fact you're all invited to my house for a drink.
Whoa, won't you let me hold you, dear ?
I want you to hear me baby
And all around me,
Now now now now now now now now now now now now... Oh gutra, baby this is the end
You know you didn't say a word.
And I just want you to know I tried. Oh I know that there's a way
Alright, yeah. Half moon, night time sky,
Woman,
Oh, I can't stand your loving, honey, it's tearing me apart,
Is down on me. I'm saying they're down on me, all down on me, oh!
Now I know you must-a heard it all,
I've been, honey, I've been misery 'n, yes I have, now.
If I just could hang on,
Women is losers
Back into my home, back in memphis, tennessee. Back back back back baby, back where I can go
Oh man, will your daughter take on me ?
I said baby when I ask you
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la la
Hear me baby, baby, whoa yeah, my baby,
ain't gonna lose my chance to make you mine, all mine.
But Port Arthur is the worst place that I've ever found. I guess they couldn't understand it there,
Didn't I'll tell ya I's playin' scrabble with L.B.J.
For your love. Well, I'll be anything that you want me to be.
An' I'll make everything alright, yeah!
Oh Lord, won't you buy me a night on the town? Everybody!
And I figured it out at fourteen years old
When he can't keep up his own way, good Lord,
Because it looks like everybody in this whole round world
I'll tell ya what you need   You need a sweet lovin' mama, babe,
Hear me baby, baby, talk about my baby
Or let me be. I ain't quite a ready for walking, no!
Yeah, Bobby baby kept me from the cold One day up near Salinas, Lord, I let him slip away
Through another lonely day Whoa don't discover it lasts
And if anybody comes along,
Oh but I'm just a girl,
How sweet the sound
It just hurts me. Say, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, honey, it can't be
But now I got my baby, Lord, yeah,
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee La da da
Who could say that they tried like I tried
Yeah, I found a man, whoa, who could put me down the way you do,
When I bring home my hard-earned pay
You try to block my road. Hey Oh, better off to hand you
And I know everything is gonna be alright,
When do the stars and the moon keep shining ?
One of these days. I'm gonna sit at the welcome table
Is down on me. Believe in your brother, have faith in man,
Yeah, out in Black Mountain you can't keep a good man in jail
Won't you invite me along please.
No, but I'm going back next in august, man. and guess what I'm doin' ?
Yeah, no no no no no, hit it! Love's got a hold on me, baby,
Thank you.
I've been called much of some things, all things around,
Ahh! Ahh! Woman, Yeah,
Try yeah, try yeah, hey, hey, hey, try yeah, Oh try whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
Ain't much, honey it ain't much,
The taxi's waiting, he's blowin' his horn already
Go on back back back back back back baby back to where I want to be
Oh, I know you're unhappy. Oh sit there, ah go on, go on
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You gonna have to pay your dues
When I ask you to you just say
La da da da
All about it.
And I guess I'll have to find the thing you placed on me.
I see you look at the sky.
I think it was, I had this apartment in San Francisco,
Sometimes I just write down the words so I don't forget 'em, but I mean I don't write songs, that's a whole different concept. I just make 'em up.
Just because we loved tonight, please don't you think it's gonna stay that way. Don't you know that you're nothin' more than a one night stand.
Honey, like I did, I know I was blind,
You wonder if there is, whoa another me
I'll tell you, boys, she knows how to shake that thing.
I'm not Joe Namath, you know,
Or babe, someday you're gonna have to cry.
I said now every day I lose me someone in my heart
What you want
Crawling for your love,
Honey, the road'll even end in kathmandu.
I'm a butterfly
Do you plan to come back soon ?
Well, you told me that you love me, I believed you, darling,
I said now
I wait for delivery each day until three,
But no more, I swear
I know that I could always try
There's gonna be times
It seems you just got lost somewhere out in the world
Ain't nobody ever gonna love you
Hey hey hey, oh woman hey hey hey.
Oh, so wrong for me ? I never thought I could ever want anybody,
Well, I'm going down that mississippi river,
You done got my soul, but now you're after my heart.
I said love,i said love... Baby baby, drive me crazy, love you all night long
And I know how you feel,
Honey ain't it hard, Lord, when you're all alone.
Then I'll cry.