 far and few in between, which I'd love to figure out a way to shake up that system because as you look at MIT's Broad Institute, right, in biomedical, it's been a huge hit. I'm not privy to their internal doings, but I suspect they support weird more than the formal departments do at the junior level. Yes, that's probably true. Yeah, I don't know what, whatever they're doing, it's working, but we needed to figure it out because I think the best ideas still do come from the, so forget, my apologies, but for the humanities side of things, I don't know anything about, but the engineering and the science side, I think there's so many amazing ideas that are still coming from universities. It's not true that you don't know anything about the humanities. You're doing the humanities right now. Talking about people, there are no numbers put on a blackboard, right? There's no hypothesis testing per se. No, yeah. You have however many subscribers to your podcast, all listening to you on the humanities. Every, whatever your frequency is. But I'm not in the departmen
oviet and Eastern European science fiction because he was a Marxist. Like that's what I took from him among other things. Any advice on finding a good mentor? Daniel Kahneman has... Somebody just popped this to mind as somebody who was able to find exceptionally good collaborators throughout his life. There's not many bright minds that find collaborators. They often, which I ultimately see what a mentor is. Yeah. Be interesting, be direct and try. It's not like a perfect formula, but it's amazing how many people don't even do those things. Be interesting, be direct and try. Like what you want from a better known person, I would just say be very direct with them. Yeah. Beautiful. What's the second piece of advice? Build small groups of peers. They don't have to be your age, but very often they'll be your age, especially if you're younger with broadly similar interests, but there can be different points of view. People you hang out with, which can include in a WhatsApp group online and like every day or almost every day, they're talking about the th
e some simple macros that I use, but then I have to, the publisher put their foot down and they want it in Word format now. So years ago I wrote some macros to convert and this time, what did I do? Copy paste? No, I use sort of regular expressions. So I was to do italics in, you put it in curly brackets and you do backslash IT and then you type what you want to type and that's how you get italics in tech. So you can create a regular expression that'll look for some text between curly brackets preceded by backslash IT and then instead convert that to italics. And Word will do that. Word if you go deep enough into its search and replace UI. You can do regular expressions. Is just regfs. Yeah. It's funny that you did that. Yeah. I mean, I'm sure there's tools that help you with that kind of thing, but the task is sufficiently simple to where you can do a much better job than anyone, anybody else's tool can. Yeah, yeah. So. That's a fascinating process. That's fine for me. Yeah. And it keeps you from messing around with formatting. Yeah. Like, Oh, what
u're following John Locke and Adam Smith, whether you're aware of it or not. So here's John Locke, who, by the way, all of these guys are great. So for me to appear to criticize any of these folks, it is with the highest regard. And also, we need to understand in my estimation how important their ideas are. Locke is working in a time where all rule was top down by divine right. And he's trying desperately to come up with a philosophical justification to shift power and autonomy to individuals. And he starts in his second treatise on government, 1690 or so, he says, okay, let's start with a state of nature. And he's like, in a state of nature, there's no societies, there's just individuals. And in a perfect universe, there wouldn't be any societies, there would just be individuals who by the law of nature have a right to survive. And in the service of survival, they have the right to acquire and preserve the fruits of their own labor. But his point is, and it's actually a good one, he's following Hobbes here. He's like, well, the problem with that is that 
The following is a conversation with Neal Stephenson, a legendary science fiction writer exploring ideas in mathematics, science, cryptography, money, linguistics, philosophy, and virtual reality, from his early book Snow Crash to his new one called Termination Shock. He doesn't just write novels. He worked at the space company Blue Origin for many years, including technically being Blue Origin's first employee. He also was the chief futurist at the virtual reality company Magic Leap. This is the Lex Friedman Podcast. To support it, please check out our sponsors in the description. And now, here's my conversation with Neal Stephenson. You write both historical fiction, like World War II in Cryptonomicon, and science fiction, looking both into the past and the future. So let me ask, does history repeat itself, in which way does it repeat itself, in which way does it not? I'm afraid it repeats itself a lot. So I think human nature kind of is what it is. And so we tend to see similar behavior patterns emerging again and again. And so it's kind o
ng this, to lead the country, rather, during this perilous time, he had the highest approval rating. And so we're like, well, what happened? You know, what happened to Americans that their approval of President Bush got so high so fast? Well, our view, following Becker, is that 2001 was like a giant death reminder. The people dying, plus the symbols of American greatness, World Trade Center and the Pentagon. So we did a bunch of experiments, and most of our experiments are disarmingly simple. We have one group of people, and we just remind them that they're going to die. We say, hey, write your thoughts and feelings about dying. Or in other cases, we stop them outside, either in front of a funeral home or 100 meters to either side. Our thought being that if we stop you in front of a funeral home, then death is on your mind, even if you don't know it. And then there's other studies, they're even more subtle, where we bring people into the lab, and they read stuff on a computer, and while they're doing that, we flash the word death for 28 milliseconds. It's so f
lly seems to make it less existential to me. It's like, it limits its power. It limits where it can go. It limits the number of things it can do in many ways. A bacteria is something you can't even see. So that's only one of those problems. Yes, exactly. So the other one, just in your intuition about intelligence, when you think about intelligence of us humans, do you think of that as something, if you look at intelligence on a spectrum from zero to us humans, do you think you can scale that to something far, far superior to all the mechanisms we've been talking about? I wanna make another point here, Lex, before I get there. Intelligence is the neocortex. It is not the entire brain. The goal is not to make a human. The goal is not to make an emotional system. The goal is not to make a system that wants to have sex and reproduce. Why would I build that? If I wanna have a system that wants to reproduce and have sex, make bacteria, make computer viruses. Those are bad things, don't do that. Those are really bad, don't do those things. Regulate thos
redit so that I can spend it when I go into debt? And the fat cell was born, brilliant idea. Where is the fat cell for sleep? Where is that sort of banking chip for sleep? And unfortunately we don't seem to have one because she's never had to face that challenge. So even if there's not some kind of physics, fundamental need for sleep that physiologically or psychologically, the fact is most organisms are built such that they need it. And then mother nature never built an extra mechanism for sleep deprivation. So it's interesting that why we sleep might not have a good answer, but we need to sleep to be healthy is nevertheless true. Yeah, and we have many answers right now. In some ways the question of why we sleep was the wrong question too. It's what are the plory potent many reasons we sleep? We don't just sleep for one reason because from an evolutionary perspective, it is the most idiotic thing that you could imagine. When you're sleeping, you're not finding a mate, you're not reproducing, you're not caring for your young, you're not for
example of that. I just seen so many tough guys completely become changed by having kids, which is fascinating to watch because it just shows you how meaningful having kids is for a lot of people. Although I would say having chatted with Joe for some time, I think he is a delightful, sweetheart, independent of children. I think, don't get me wrong, I don't wanna be in a ring with him. He would face me five ways till Tuesday, but I think he's a desperately sweet man and a very, very smart individual. Yeah, I mean, but he talks about the compassion he's gained from realizing just watching kids grow up that we were all kids at some point, you get a new perspective. I think just like me, I still get this with him. He's super competitive and there's a certain way to approach life. You're striving to do great things and you're competitive against others and that intensity of that aggression, that can lack compassion sometimes and empathy. And when you have children, you get a sense like, oh, everybody was a child at some point, everybody was a kid. 
 it special. And also sad to me, at least it's kind of, I don't think I'm using too strong of a word, but it's kind of terrifying the uncertainty of it. The mystery of it, the mystery of death. The mystery of it, yeah, of death. When we're talking about the mystery of black holes that's somehow distant, that's somehow out there and the mystery of our own. But even life, the mystery of consciousness, I find so hard to deal with too. I mean, it's not as painful. I mean, we're conscious, but the whole magic of life we can understand, but consciousness where we can actually think and so forth. It's pretty. It seems like such a beautiful gift that it really sucks that we get to let go of it. We have to let go of it. What do you hope your legacy is? As I'm sure they will. Aliens when they visit and humans have destroyed all of human civilization. Aliens read about you in an encyclopedia that we'll leave behind. What do you hope it says? Well, I would hope they, to the extent that they evaluated me, felt that I helped move science forward as a tangible contri
rd dance that we do that I think is a pretty simple model, but of course it's very difficult to introspect what it is. And autonomous robots in the human robot interaction context have to build that. Current robots are much less than what you're describing. They're currently just afraid of everything. They're more, they're not the kind that fall and discover how to run. They're more like, please don't touch anything. Don't hurt anything. Stay as far away from humans as possible. Treat humans as ballistic objects that you can't, that you do with a large spatial envelope, make sure you do not collide with. That's how, like you mentioned, Elon Musk thinks about autonomous vehicles. I tend to think autonomous vehicles need to have a beautiful dance between human and machine, where it's not just the collision avoidance problem, but a weird dance. Yeah, I think these systems need to be able to predict what will happen, what the other agent is going to do, and then have a structure of what the goals are and whether those predictions actually meet th
of physical environment, nature, right? Like nature is constantly trying to murder you. Well, it's not really trying. It's just nature's being nature. The universe is the universe. And at times it takes you out. It's just not with any particular compunction or prejudice. It's just, oops, you know, sorry, there's no more dodos. My bad. But don't you think the particular flavor of the complexity that is the human mind was created, like let me make an argument for that all people are fundamentally good. Okay. Is there's an evolutionary advantage to being, to striving to cooperate, to add more love to the world of like compassion, empathy, all that kind of stuff. And that the very thing that created the human mind was this evolutionary advantage, whatever the forces behind this evolutionary advantage. And scale, yes. So when we're dealing with a small tribe, sure. When you meet another tribe, maybe. There's other factors that are going into that. Let's say you scale up. And so your 150 has exceeded their 150. And like, you start to get to a certain point where you 
ze and the things much of your life work perhaps was a happy accident in some sense in the early days. But is there a moment where you looked up to the stars and also, the same way you wondered about water, wondered about some of the things that are out there in the universe? Oh, yeah, I think everybody looks and is in awe and is curious about what it is out there. And as I learned more, I learned, of course, that we don't know very much about what's there. And the more we learn, the more we know we don't know. I mean, we don't know what the majority of anything is out there. It's all what we call dark matter and dark energy. And that's one of the big questions. When I was a student, those weren't questions. So we even know less, in a sense, the more we look. So of course, I think that's one of the areas that almost it's universal. People see the sky, they see the stars and they're beautiful and see it looks different on different nights. And it's a curiosity that we all have. What are some questions about the universe that in the same way that y
 technicians and paramedics, three court officers from New York State courts and two federal agents, and I hope, and 343 New York City firefighters. We lost a ton of responders. But the recovery workers, thankfully weren't killed in that process, but there's hundreds of them now who are dead from illnesses because they came down to recover our people and the civilians and the poor lost souls that were killed at work that day. And John literally almost lost his foot in a construction accident at the site. An 8,000 pound I beam tore off half of his foot, ended up with massive sepsis, six months in the hospital, hundreds of thousand dollars in medical bills, and then no one wanted to pay him. So here's a guy, he's gonna lose his house, lose his life, lose everything. And now the never forget, it started quick, right? And he went on a mission, formed his Feel Good Foundation. His last name is Feel, F E A L, Feel Good Foundation. And this man literally went to Washington, DC with his army, as he called it. And I was honored and blessed to be with him a c
 advance, you do it in a military aircraft, they tell you in advance that they can't predict whether they can land because they have to land on ice. And reassuring. Yeah. And so about halfway the pilot got on and said, sorry, this is a, they call it a boomerang flight. You know, boomerang goes out and goes back. So we had to stay a little while in Christchurch, but then we eventually went to McMurdo Station and then flew to the South Pole. The South Pole itself is, when I was there, it was minus 51 degrees. That was summer. Zero humidity. And it's about 11,000 feet altitude because it's never warm enough for anything to melt. So it doesn't snow very much, but it's about 11,000 feet of snowpack. So you land in a place that's high altitude, cold as could be, and incredibly dry, which means you have a physical adjustment. The place itself is fantastic. They have this great station there. They do astronomy at the South Pole. Nature wise, is it beautiful? What's the experience like? Or is it like visiting any town? No, it's very small. There's only less than a hundred p
 greatest catch wrestler? I don't know if he was the greatest catch wrestler ever. I don't, I mean, he's one of them for a myriad of, Carl Gotch, Billy Robinson. Gotch and Robinson's trainer, Billy Riley. So who are these figures and what did they bring to you? Joe Maeda, he's one of the greatest catch wrestlers ever because he's responsible for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Along with Cristal Gracie. Okay, there's so much of things I'd like to say here, but one of the things that catch wrestling seemed to espouse as a principle is that of violence. I just, the tournaments I competed at, the unfortunate thing, and we'll probably hopefully talk about it a little bit. They were disorganized and the level of competition was pretty low where people really sucked. Pretty typical. Is that typical, okay. Well, it's, I mean, think about local run of the mill Jiu Jitsu tournament versus IBJJF created, you know, a vast difference, so. So I, you know, but there is, to me as a human being, like intellectually, philosophically, it was more interesting to go to catch wrestling 
 mean, I've had a Zoom outage, but their performance rate has been remarkably high. So if you just look at resources, competence, incentives, who's been the star performers, the NBA even, just canceling the season as early as they did, sending a message like, hey, people, this is real, and then pulling off the bubble with not a single found case of COVID and having all the testing set up in advance. Big business has done very well lately, and throughout the broader course of American history, in my view, has mostly been a hero. Can we engage in a kind of therapy session? I'm often troubled by the negativity towards big business, and I wonder if you could help figure out how we remove that or maybe first psychoanalyze it and then how we remove it. It feels like once we've gotten wifi on flights, on airplane flights, people started complaining about how shady the connection is, right? They take it for granted immediately and then start complaining about little details. Another example that's closer to, especially as an aspiring entrepreneur, i
leep events at the wheel. Now, if you're traveling at 65 miles an hour in a two ton vehicle, you know, it takes probably around one second to drift from one lane to the next and it takes two seconds to go completely off the road. So if you have one of these microsleeps at the wheel, you know, it could be the last microsleep that you ever have. But I don't now see it as a set of, you know, very binary distinct, you know, step function state. It's not a one or a zero. I see it more of a, as a continuum. So I've for five, six years at MIT really focused on this human side of driving question. And one of the big concerns is the microsleeps, drowsiness, these kinds of ideas. And one of the open questions was, is it possible through computer vision to detect or any kind of sensors? The nice thing about computer vision is you don't have to have direct contact to the person. Is it possible to detect increases in drowsiness? Is it possible to detect these kinds of microsleeps or actually just sleep in general? Among other things, like distraction, thes
 as similar because the word effective is really interesting. Because if you want to do good, then you should be damn good at doing good, right? I think that would fit within the morality that's defined by objectivism. So do you see a connection between these two philosophies and other perhaps in this complicated space of beliefs that effective altruism is positioned as opposing or aligned with? I would definitely say that objectivism, Ayn Rand's philosophy, is a philosophy that's quite fundamentally opposed to effective altruism. In which way? Insofar as Ayn Rand's philosophy is about championing egoism and saying that I'm never quite sure whether the philosophy is meant to say that just you ought to do whatever will best benefit yourself, that's ethical egoism, no matter what the consequences are. Or second, if there's this alternative view, which is, well, you ought to try and benefit yourself because that's actually the best way of benefiting society. Certainly, in Atlas Shalaguchi is presenting her philosophy as a way that's actual
o say this, I am at the point now, I don't know who to believe anymore. So I could see that lending a hand to someone who's already a doubter going, oh yeah, look, exactly, that's what they're doing, right. I mean, you know, look at this whole virus. Like, who do you believe? Like, where'd it come from? You know, like, and you know, if you plant that seed, it's like that little campfire we were talking about earlier, right? You just toss a little gas into those embers. You got a fire now. I also think there's a lot of people with a hell of a lot of extra time on their hands, right? And they're really bored. You know? And the two are combined. Alex, yeah, man, you know, like, look, I was a three job Charlie, right? You know, one guy used to say to me, anything but home. I go, no, I got deadlines, responsibilities. You know, like, that's what it comes down to is like, I mean, look, we all have our hobbies and things we like and, you know, little nuances. And that's what makes us special. We're unique. Every person is a unique being. But I also think some people just, they want
use computational power is always increasing and getting cheaper and cheaper and cheaper. So at least there's a hope for the future for greater and greater decentralization on the node front. Yeah, but I mean, ultimately, again, it doesn't really matter how many nodes you have if the way that the currency is run is that you're gonna have a hard fork every few months, which is the case with most other currencies. Bitcoin's the only one that's not have a hard fork. Basically, the unique thing about Bitcoin in a technical sense is that you could get the original software that Satoshi himself ran in 2009 to start the network. And you could run it today and it would sync with the blockchain. There's one bug you need to fix, one mistake that would have only appeared I think in around 2013 or 14 or something like that, so that he wasn't aware of back then. So you just need to fix this one tiny little bug. And then the consensus parameters are still the same. So you're able to sync to it. This is not true for most other digital currencies. I'd say probab
 hour schedule of a perfect day. I get up early, I go to the gym, I have breakfast with some friends of mine. What's early by the way? Let's, like how early? 3.15. A.M. A.M. So we're talking really early. Really early. Now I'm crazy early, it's ridiculously early. But, and I haven't done that always, but that's kind of what I'm on now. So I'm in bed, like when I'm with my nephews that are like four years old and three years old, I'm in bed before them. Okay, you got a beat. You wake up, sorry, you said exercise first. Yeah. And what does that look like? What's exercise for you? You go out to the gym? I go to the gym. I have a trainer, I have a couple of guys that I work out with, and I'll, you know, it's maybe an hour, maybe a little more. I'll do a little warmup before stretching afterwards, take a shower, go have breakfast. But it's an intense kind of a thing that I definitely don't wanna do that's hard, you know? So you feel like you've accomplished something, first thing. Yeah. That's a big accomplishment of the day. At the same time, it's not like so hard that I'm completely e
immaculate. It was, it was like my army bathroom in the barracks. It was spotless, right? And I gave her $10. I said, I'd really like you to buy lunch with me today. I said, you really didn't have to do me that favor. And she goes, no, sir. I said, no, no. I said, I want. And it was like I gave her a million bucks. And I say to my wife now, I've been praying to be a billionaire. She goes, that's a sin. I said, no, no, you don't understand, right? She goes, oh, you're Mr., you know, Mr. God. I said, no, no, no. I said, you're getting it wrong. I said, I'm praying to be like a multi gazillionaire because I want to give it all away. We used to have a sign in ladder 114 until some other rival truck company stole it, right? Cause that's what we do. You know, they get sent to cover your district when you're at a fire and now your stuff's missing. And the old timers had a sign that says, I am content. Because if you got to ladder 114, that was considered such a great place, such a great assignment, such great guys. You had to be vetted to get there. You couldn't just randomly go. And it was 
ht, Aristotle, you know, gives us the idea of humans as rational animals. You know, we're homo sapiens. But not the only game in town got Joseph Heusinger, an anthropologist in the 20th century. He called us homo ludens that were basically fundamentally playful creatures. And I think it was Hannah Arendt, homo faber, were tool making creatures. Another woman, Ellen Dizanayake, wrote a book called Homo Aestheticus. And following Aristotle and his poetics, she's like, well, we're not only rational animals, we're also aesthetic creatures that appreciate beauty. There's another take on humans. I think they call us homo narratans. We're storytelling creatures. And I think all of those designations of what it means to be human are quite useful heuristically and certainly worthy of our collective cogitation. But what garnered my attention when I was a young punk was just a single line in an essay by a Scottish guy, who was Alexander Smith, in a book called Dreamthwarp. I think it's written in the 1860s. He just says right in the middle of an essay, it is ou
mmunication network and we had cell phones but they were the old school flip phones and there was no news on them and so plus we didn't have signal down there anyway. I couldn't reach my family for like 12, 13 hours and my dad had deployed down to the ferry terminal to retrieve bodies. He was retired but he still went and they deployed him to go be basically the morgue transport guys. They expected to be sending hundreds and thousands of bodies across on the ferry and they set up these tractor trailers as a mobile morgue and that never happened because there were no bodies to take, they were all buried. So I saw evil firsthand, I don't know how someone can inflict such revenge or a vengeful act in the name of anything, in the name of a religion, in the name of a cause, in the name, like what the hell? Were you ever able to make sense of that, why men are able to commit such acts of terror in the days and the years after? No, Lex, I haven't. My mom's from Ireland and I still have a lot of family there and my great uncles, one of them wa
orries me in the spirit of being humble, that our particular kind of intelligence is not very special. So there's all kinds of different intelligences. And even more broadly, there could be many different kinds of life. So the basic definition, and I just had, I think somebody that you know, Sarah Walker, I just had a very long conversation with her about even just the very basic question of trying to define what is life from a physics perspective. Even that question within itself, I think one of the most fundamental questions in science and physics and everything is just trying to get a hold, trying to get some universal laws around the ideas of what is life because that kind of unlocks a bunch of things around life, intelligence, consciousness, all those kinds of things. I agree with you in a sense, but I think that's a dangerous question because the answer can't be any more precise than the question. And the question, what is life, kind of assumes that we have a definition of life and that it's a natural phenomena that can be dis
 by something deeper, something worse, right? Those socialists who figured this out, who understood that if you drop the nuclear bomb, there was no way to minimize civilian casualties. All socialists who came to understand that if you eliminated capitalism, markets, private property and parliaments, if you eliminated that, you wouldn't get freedom. Those Marxists, those socialists became what we would call social Democrats or people who would use the state to regulate the market, not to eliminate the market. They would use the state to redistribute income, not to destroy private property and markets. And so this in the Marxist schema was apostasy because they were accepting markets and private property. They were accepting alienation and wage slavery. They were accepting capitalism in principle, but they wanted to fix it. They wanted to ameliorate. They wanted to regulate. And so they became what was denounced as revisionists, not true Marxists, not real revolutionaries, but parliamentary road, parliamentarians. We know this as normal p
he first measure of importance is just wellbeing. Impact on the quality of life. Impact on the quality of life, absolutely. The second metric, which is much easier to quantify is deaths. What is the number one killer? The number one killer is actually heart disease. It is actually killing 650,000 Americans per year. Number two is cancer with 600,000 Americans. Number three, far, far down the list is accidents, every single accident combined. So basically you read the news, accidents, like there was a huge car crash all over the news. But the number of deaths, number three by far, 167,000. Core respiratory disease. So that's asthma, not being able to breathe and so on and so forth, 160,000 Alzheimer's number five with 120,000 and then stroke, brain aneurysms and so on and so forth, that's 147,000 diabetes and metabolic disorders, et cetera. That's 85,000. The flu is 60,000, suicide, 50,000 and then overdose, et cetera, you know, goes further down the list. So of course COVID has creeped up to be the number three killer this year with, you know, more than 100,000 Americans and counting. And you know, but if you think 
he case they make for Keynesian economics is it's based on empirical evidence. So Austrian economists are pie in the sky theorists about like how human nature works. And it's just all theory. And just like you said, Keynesian economics kind of sell it as a science, data driven science. And so where's the data, bro? So one way of saying it is how do you know if we get rid of inflation? How do you know if we get rid of central banks? If we push towards that direction, we will have a better world, a better functioning economy, better functioning markets, better functioning society. This is another inaccurate way in which they present. The economics, they present as if it's just theory and that the data doesn't matter, but that's not the case. What the Austrians say is that without guiding theory, data is mute, data is dumb, data can't say anything. So theory first, and then you have to have models to provide context for interpretation of the data. And it's a sign of just how little self awareness they have that they think that they're just being
 is a pale shadow of the totality of our interior phenomenological existence. Therefore, there's always going to be times in our lives where even under the best of circumstances, you could be trying desperately to convey your thoughts and feelings and somebody listening could be like, yeah, I get it, I get it, I get it. And you're like, you have no fucking idea what I'm talking about. So you can be desperately lonely in a house where you live with 10 people in the middle of Tokyo where there's millions. Yeah, it's the Great Gatsby. You could be alone in a big party. Exactly. Maybe this is a small tangent, but let me ask you on the topic of academia, you're kind of, we talked about Jordan Peterson, there's a lot of sort of renegade type of thinkers, certainly in psychology, but it applies in all disciplines. What are your thoughts about academia being a place to harbor people like yourself? People who think deeply about things, who are not constrained by sort of the, I don't think you're quite controversial. No, not really. But you are a person who
e to call the neurologist from the other building and so on and so forth. So in my view, it makes no sense anymore to basically say, oh, I'm a geneticist studying immune disorders. I mean, that's ridiculous because, I mean, of course in many ways you still need to sort of focus. But what we're doing is that we're basically saying we'll go wherever the genetics takes us. And by building these massive resources, by working on our latest map is now 833 tissues, sort of the next generation of the epigenomics roadmap, which we're now called epimap, is 833 different tissues. And using those, we've basically found enrichments in 540 different disorders. Those enrichments are not like, oh great, you guys work on that and we'll work on this. They're intertwined amazingly. So of course there's a lot of modularity, but there's these enhancers that are sort of broadly active and these disorders that are broadly active. So basically some enhancers are active in all tissues and some disorders are enriching in all tissues. So basically there's these multifactorial and
tartups from scratch with all the things we can now do with AI I think the ability to build new teams to go after this rich space of opportunities is a very important way to very important mechanism to get these projects done that I think will move the world forward so I've been fortunate to build a few teams that had a meaningful positive impact and I felt that we might be able to do this in a more systematic repeatable way so a startup studio is a relatively new concept there are maybe dozens of startup studios you know right now but I feel like all of us many teams are still trying to figure out how do you systematically build companies with a high success rate so I think even a lot of my you know venture capital friends are seem to be more and more building companies rather than investing in companies but I find a fascinating thing to do to figure out the mechanisms by which we could systematically build successful teams, successful businesses in areas that we find meaningful so a startup studio is somethin
think they're normal and we should have that debate. We're a gigantic, diverse country of many different political points of view. I'm troubled only by the extremes that are against the system qua system that want to get rid of it and supposedly that will be the bright path to the future. History tells us that the far left and the far right are wrong about that. But once again, this doesn't mean that you have to be a social democrat. You could be a libertarian. You could be a conservative. You could be a centrist. You could be conservative on some issues and liberal on other issues. All of that comes under what I would presume to be normal politics. And I see that as the important corrective mechanism. Normal politics and market economies, non monopolistic, open, free and dynamic market economies. I don't like concentrations of power politically and I don't like concentrations of power economically. I like competition in the political realm. I like competition in the economic realm. This is not perfect. It's constantly needs to be prote
spective, do you actually see a possible future where we're building these kind of generation ships and just why not launch them one a year out like wandering ants out into the galaxy? I have nothing against it. It's just, like I said, it's got the motivation to do it has to come from some kind of spiritual or kind of non tangible calculus. So from a business model perspective, you don't think there's a business model there? No, no way. One of the many fascinating things you've done in your life, you were at the very beginning, being not coming off as authentic, not being inspiring, uniting, all those kinds of things. I think that's possible. I think it's just that we've gotten, the leaders we have right now aren't the right people because we've lived through kind of a long stretch of relatively comfortable times. And it feels like unfortunate if you just look at history, that hard times made great leaders and easy times make like bureaucrats that are egotistical and greedy and not very interesting and not very bold. Yeah. No, I think that's f
basic decisions can change the course of whether machine learning product works or not and so there are so many hundreds of decisions that entrepreneurs need to make and making a mistake and a couple key decisions can have a huge impact on the fate of the company so I think a startup studio provides a support structure that makes starting a company much less of a lonely experience and also when facing with these key decisions like trying to hire your first uh the VP of engineering what's a good selection criteria how do you solve should I hire this person or not by helping by having a ecosystem around the entrepreneurs the founders to help I think we help them at the key moments and hopefully significantly make them more enjoyable and then higher success rate so there's somebody to brainstorm with in these very difficult decision points and also to help them recognize what they may not even realize is a key decision point that's that's the first and probably the most important part yeah actually I can say one oth
s a problem with forgetting, and again, I'm not trying to sort of be laudatory, but you know, I tend not to forget too many things. And I don't think that that's a good thing. And there's a wonderful neurologist, Luria, who wrote a book called The Mind of the Mnemonicist. And it was a brilliant book, both because it was written exquisitely, but he was studying these sort of memory savants who basically could remember everything that he gave them. And he tried to find a chink in their armor. And the first half of the book is essentially about him seeing how far he can push them before they fail. And he never found that place. He could never find a place where they stopped remembering. And then in his brilliance, he turned the question on its head. He said, not what is the benefit of constantly remembering, but instead, what is the detriment to never forgetting? And when you start to realize his descriptions of those individuals, it's probably a life that you would not want. But it's fascinating both from a human perspective, but also AI per
? We can certainly try. And if it's an evolution competition system, for instance, you reward those solutions that are actually functional. That communication makes sense. It allows us to together again, achieve common goals. I think that's possible. But even from that paper that you mentioned, the anecdotes, it's quite likely also that the agents learn to lie and fake and do all kinds of things like that. I mean, we see that in even very low level, like bacterial evolution. There are cheaters. And who's to say that what they say is actually what they think. But that's what I'm saying, that there would have to be some common goal so that we can evaluate whether that communication is at least useful. They may be saying things just to make us feel good or get us to do what we want, but they would not turn them off or something. But so we would have to understand their internal representations much better to really make sure that that translation is critical. But it can be useful. And I think it's possible to do that. There are examples where
rtex, and they're certainly correlated. Our abilities in those regards are correlated with the relative size of our neocortex compared to other mammals. So that's like the rough division, and you obviously can't understand the neocortex completely isolated, but you can understand a lot of it with just a few interfaces to the old parts of the brain, and so it gives you a system to study. The other remarkable thing about the neocortex, compared to the old parts of the brain, is the neocortex is extremely uniform. It's not visibly or anatomically, it's very, I always like to say it's like the size of a dinner napkin, about two and a half millimeters thick, and it looks remarkably the same everywhere. Everywhere you look in that two and a half millimeters is this detailed architecture, and it looks remarkably the same everywhere, and that's across species. A mouse versus a cat and a dog and a human. Where if you look at the old parts of the brain, there's lots of little pieces do specific things. So it's like the old parts of our brain evolve
cally this mitochondria can multiply as organelles and they can be spread along the body of your muscle. Some of your muscle cells have actually multiple nuclei, they're polynucleated, but they also have multiple mitochondria to basically deal with the fact that your muscle is enormous. You can sort of span these super, super long length and you need energy throughout the length of your muscle. So that's why you have mitochondria throughout the length and you also need transcription through the length so you have multiple nuclei as well. So these two processes, lipids store energy, what do mitochondria do? So there's a process known as thermogenesis. Thermal heat, genesis generation. Thermogenesis is the generation of heat. Remember that bathtub with the in and out? That's the equation that everybody's focused on. So how much energy do you consume? How much energy do you burn? But in every thermodynamic system, there's three parts to the equation. There's energy in, energy out, and energy lost. Any machine has loss of energy. How do you lo
hen the people who end up making these bad choices don't end up with any wealth left. Whereas the people who store their wealth in the things that are hard to make end up maintaining their wealth and maybe even increasing it over time. And of course this culminated in the 19th century, in the end of the 19th century by basically the entire planet being on a gold standard. And that's... What is a gold standard? The gold standard is basically when money is gold or at least government currencies backed by gold. But the reason gold became money and not copper, not nickel, not bananas is that gold is the hardest metal in the world. And it is the hardest metal to increase the supply of. And the reason for that is based in chemistry. So gold is indestructible. You can't destroy gold in any meaningful sense. It's been accumulating stockpiles for thousands of years. The gold that was worn by Nefertiti back in ancient Egypt is today probably in somebody's necklace or in somebody's gold coin. It's still there. So for thousands of years, humans have b
nd he had them for the most part. Not all. We don't want to generalize to say that he had every one of them because those people have views of their own, sometimes in contradiction with the president of Russia. And then he appealed to the opposite people, the successful urban base through the so called reformer Medvedev, the new generation, the technically literate prime minister who for a time was president. And so that worked very successfully for Putin. He was able to bridge a big divide in the society and gain a greater mass support than Now I don't necessarily think that everyone around Stalin shared those ideals. We have to be careful not to make everybody into a communist true believer, not to make everybody into a great statist Russian patriot, but they were widespread and powerful attractions for a lot of people. And so Stalin's ability to communicate to people that he was dedicated to those pursuits and his ability to drive towards them were part of his appeal. Where he also resorted to manipulation, he also resorted
ity and safety, all the things you've mentioned, if we have more than enough resources, then the way we treat a stranger, the way we position ourselves towards that stranger might be in a way that allows us to be our real human selves as opposed to sort of our animal self. And therefore it's mostly about how clever can we descendants of Abe's be in coming up with all cool kinds of technologies and ways to efficiently use the resources we have such that we're not constrained. And my hope is that human innovation will outpace the growth of our, the number of people that are starving for resources. Yes, I think that there's a lot of rationality behind this argument. And in some ways I agree and in a lot of ways I see it as missing the point of how this experiment has been playing out across time. When you look at what, for one, it's like define resources. What is a resource of as humans would define it, right? Or wealth even. And so you can say, well, an iPhone's a resource, the internet's a resource, water obviously is a resource. But if we
ular aspects, yeah. Is there? I do have little rituals, I do have all kinds of, which I'm not even gonna tell you about. Sure. But the one thing, and I don't wanna like talk about this too much because it sort of jinxes things, I think, but the one thing I do try to do is when I sit down, I immediately get into it, first, second. I don't sit and fuck around with anything. I immediately try to get into it as quickly as I can. The other thing is that writing a book or screenplay or anything like that is a process of multiple drafts. And it's the first draft that's where you're most with the muse, where you're going through the blank page. Like right now I'm on, I don't know what, the fifth or sixth, seventh draft of the thing I'm working on. So I've got pages already written and I'm kind of reading them afresh as I go through the story. So it's not quite where I am now. It's not quite a deep muse scenario, partly it is, but it's also sort of bouncing back and forth between the different, between the right brain and the left brain. I'm kind of looking at i
experiences. And I need to certainly work on that. I don't know. I think it's just allowing yourself to be innate and who you are is also a beautiful thing too. I'm not suggesting it's not important to try and better oneself. But I also sometimes worry about the misery that that puts us in. But like you, I do struggle with name, but I know the first time when we met in the lobby, I know exactly what you look like. I know that you were wearing headphones. I know the shape and the size of those headphones. You didn't have your black jacket on. I know exactly what the weave of your shirt looked like and what your shoes look like. And I knew exactly the height of your, the end of your pants from the top of your shoes. And so those things I don't forget. And I can remember when people, I met people two years ago and I'll say, oh yes, we met there. And I remember you had those fantastic boots on. I thought they were pretty great pair of boots. And they're like, how do you, I didn't even remember what I was wearing that day. It's fascinating. Yeah, I'm t
What we have, what's unique and what's valuable is our knowledge, what we've learned about the world. And that is the rare thing. That's the thing we wanna preserve. It's, who cares about our genes? That's not. It's the knowledge. It's the knowledge. That's a really good place to end. Thank you so much for talking to me. No, it was fun. And we've only had the neocortex for a few 100,000 years. So that's like nothing, okay? So is it likely? Well, it certainly isn't something that happened right away on Earth. And there were multiple steps to get there. So I would say it's probably not gonna be something that would happen instantaneously on other planets that might have life. It might take several billion years on average. Is it likely? I don't know, but you'd have to survive for several billion years to find out. Probably. Is it a big leap? Yeah, I think it is a qualitative difference in all other evolutionary steps. I can try to describe that if you'd like. Sure, in which way? Yeah, I can tell you how. Pretty much, let's start with a little preface. Many of the things 
you are in the right cell based on the specific combination and then turn on that intervention for that cell, you can now think of combinatorial interventions where you can basically sort of feed a synthetic biology construct to someone that will basically do different things in different cells. So basically for cancer, this is one of the therapeutics that our collaborator Ron Weiss is using to basically start sort of engineering the circuits that will use micro RNA sensors of the environment to sort of know if you're in a tumor cell or if you're in an immune cell or if you're in a stromal cell and so forth and basically turn on particular interventions there. You can sort of create constructs that are tuned to only the liver cells or only the heart cells or only the brain cells and then have these new generations of therapeutics coupled with this immense amount of knowledge on the sort of which targets to choose and what biological processes to measure and how to intervene. My view is that disease is going to be fun
 of energy to decelerate, or you'll just go shooting by. And so that means carrying a lot of energy. And there's ideas like Yuri Milner, I think, is still funding the idea to use laser propulsion to send something to another star system, a small object. But it'll have no way to slow down, as far as I know. They never talk about that part, like how do we slow down? Yeah. It's a quick flyby to take a good picture, I guess. Yeah, you better take some good pictures on your way by. So, and that's great if it happens, I'm not knocking it. But the amount of energy that's needed is just staggering, and there's other issues like just how do you maintain an ecosystem for that long in isolation? How do you prevent people from going crazy? What happens if you hit something while traveling at a significant fraction of the speed of light? So that's sort of some combination of expanding human lifespan, but also just good old fashioned, stable society on a spaceship. Yeah, yeah, the generation ship. Yeah, yeah. No, I think that's the only way. It would have to keep g
James Burnham, you know, or, well, anybody that wants to talk about the managerial problem and the managerial. I see, so you have a sense, a hope, maybe let's think like what is the path forward with the inefficient state? Is it revolution or is it to work within the system to constantly improve it, to manage better? Man, I don't know that one. I mean, my general sense, and maybe this is the Nietzschean part of me, is that, yeah, it would take maybe not even just, maybe not even defining it specifically as revolution. Maybe it would just take just total calamity to get people to stop being shitty, to not stop being a lesser version of themselves, to stop thinking more about things from the paradigm that we exist in now, where we're giving so much value to stuff that isn't really all that valuable. Where we're so concerned about likes, and I don't just mean like whether we get them or not, but that, oh man, maybe we should take this off of our platform, because this is too destabilizing to people. Because once you exceed Dunbar's number, I think i
f the genome. These require a massive team of engineers, of biological engineers to basically design a set of amino acids that will target a particular sequence of your genome. The reason why CRISPR is amazingly, awesomely revolutionary is because instead of having this team of engineers design a new set of proteins for every locus that you want to target, you just type it in your computer and you just synthesize an RNA guide. The beauty of CRISPR is not the cutting, it's not the fixing. All of that was there before. It's the guiding, and the only thing that changes is that it makes the guiding easier by sort of just typing in the RNA sequence, which then allows the system to sort of scan the DNA to find that. So the coding, the engineering of the cutter is easier in terms of SP. That's kind of similar to the story of deep learning versus old school machine learning. Some of the challenging parts are automated. But CRISPR is just one cutting technology, and then that's part of the challenges and exciting opportunities of the fiel
 to know anything about the world because the Solomonov induction part learns. Can you explicitly try to describe the universal distribution and how Solomonov induction plays a role here? I'm trying to understand. So what it does it, so in the simplest case, I said, take the shortest program, describing your data, run it, have a prediction which would be deterministic. Yes. Okay. But you should not just take the shortest program, but also consider the longer ones, but give it lower a priori probability. So in the Bayesian framework, you say a priori, any distribution, which is a model or a stochastic program, has a certain a priori probability, which is two to the minus, and why two to the minus length? You know, I could explain length of this program. So longer programs are punished a priori. And then you multiply it with the so called likelihood function, which is, as the name suggests, is how likely is this model given the data at hand. So if you have a very wrong model, it's very unlikely that this model is true. And so it is very small 
 has worked and yes, a prescription, but it's a difficult prescription because it says all the fun things you guys are trying to do, we are trying to do. He's part of the community. He's saying it's only going to be short term gains. So this all leads up to a question, I guess, on artificial neural networks and maybe our own biological neural networks is do you think if we just scale things up significantly, so take these dumb artificial neurons, the point neurons, I like that term. If we just have a lot more of them, do you think some of the elements that we see in the brain may start emerging? No, I don't think so. We can do bigger problems of the same type. I mean, it's been pointed out by many people that today's convolutional neural networks aren't really much different than the ones we had quite a while ago. They're bigger and train more and we have more labeled data and so on. But I don't think you can get to the kind of things I know the brain can do and that we think about as intelligence by just scaling it up. So that may be, it's 
es and everything else and they really work and they're extraordinary productions on the other but and that's all based on the laws of quantum mechanics and they really work and they give us tremendous control of nature on the other hand as we get better answers we can also ask more ambitious questions and there are certainly things that have been observed even in what would be usually called the realm of physics that aren't understood for instance there seems to be another source of mass in the universe the so called dark matter that we don't know what it is and it's a very interesting question what it is then but also as you were alluding to there's it's one thing to know the basic equations it's another thing to be able to solve them in important cases so we run up against the limits of that in things like chemistry where we'd like to be able to design molecules and predict their behavior from the equations we think the equations could do that in principle but in practice it's very challenging to solve them in all b
sential for us as a civilization. And what fiat did is it took that away from us. And then it forced everybody to become an investor or more accurately a gambler, because you're not just even, because the money itself is broken, because the money itself is constantly changing in value, investing is becoming more of a crapshoot. I mean, value investing is completely underperforming, compared to market analysis. You know, you listen to the Fed, and what matters to the price of individual companies is monetary policy much more than it is their own performance. So basically you need to be a junkie watching the Fed and following all of the world's central banks. And yeah, I need to learn macro economics and you need to learn what all the central banks are doing. And you need to understand how commodity markets work. And you need to understand how equity markets work and bond markets and real estate markets. You need to do all of those things just in order to be able to save and earn and keep the money that you've already earned. That's 
for anything besides yourself. Meaning you could have been important to other people or you could have discovered gravitational waves that matters to other people or something, but something beyond just existing on the earth as an individual. So your life has meaning if you have affected either knowledge or people or something beyond yourself. It's a simplistic statement, but it's about as good as I can say. In all of its simplicity, it may be very true. Does it make you sad that this ride ends? Do you think about your mortality? Are you afraid of it? Not exactly afraid of it, but saddened by it. I'm old enough to know that I've lived most of my life and I enjoy being alive. I can imagine being sick and not wanting to be alive, but I'm not. It's been a good ride. I'm not happy to see it come to an end. I'd like to see it prolong, but I don't fear the dying itself or that kind of thing. It's more, I'd like to prolong what is I think a good life that I'm living and still living. It's sad to think that the finiteness of it is the thing that makes
year. So yes, we're making more every year, but we're making more so we're adding to the stockpile. The stockpile grows more. So every year we're adding only around one and a half to 2%. Compare that to the second highest, the second hardest metal historically was silver. And that increased historically at around maybe 5% per year or so. Now it probably increases at something like closer to 30% because it's now getting used extensively in industrial uses. So when you use it in industry, when you put silver in a laptop or in a camera or in a machine, effectively, you are consuming the stockpile because it's not used as money. It's taken out of the monetary stockpile. So over the last 150 years, since 1870 in particular, and I discussed this in detail in the Bitcoin standard, what happened in 1870 was Germany won the Franco Prussian war and Germany was on a silver standard, but the value of silvers was declining. So Germany did something very smart, which is they took their indemnity from France in silver and gold and use that big chunk of gold to switch t
have intel from drones or planes or whatever it is that so and so and so and so and so and so are driving down in that pickup or whatever, take it out and do it again tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow. And maybe they'll get the message after a while, oh shit, these guys aren't messing around. Instead of throwing wave after wave of our brave warriors, brave SEALs, brave special ops guys, and God bless them for what they do, I couldn't do it. I could not have done it. But they have to be now sitting home going, what the hell? My friends, my body, myself, like they must feel so betrayed because they passionately went over there to cure a cancer, the cancer of terrorism. And now the cancer is back. And I hate to say it, but I think the cancer might start running wild. We need to change our tactics up. This is just my opinion. I can't see committing all of our guys to a continuous eternal war. But I think what we need to do is hit surgically and hit hard at that cancer that is over there. We are never gonna rebuild that region. It's just, it's t
rk possibility is the inability to trade as opposed to being a forcing function for trade. It will become a forcing function for conflict in cyberspace and potentially hot war. Yes, this is the scary part of it. And this is basically how World War II happened because there's an old historian who used to say when I think his name is Otto Mallory and I quote him in the Bitcoin standard, if goods don't cross borders, then bombs will. If people trade with one another, they have an incentive for each other's wellbeing and then they have less of an incentive to fight. And it was the death of global trade in the 1930s because of the failure of the fiat system that brought about the rise of the populism and the rise of all those leaders that hated each other and helped finance the war and bring it about. So that is the scary possibility. And of course, you can't discount that with all of the escalation that you see, that is a possibility that it could turn into a real war. But then even so, I think ultimately, you can't fight wars forever. It
e human brain, that the human brain is very efficient, or is that just something we deceive ourselves? No, it is efficient, obviously. We can learn new things almost instantly. And so what elements do you think are useful? Yeah, I can talk about that. You brought up two issues there. So remember I talked early about the constraints we always feel, well, one of those constraints is the fact that brains are continually learning. That's not something we said, oh, we can add that later. That's something that was upfront, had to be there from the start, made our problems harder. But we showed, going back to the 2016 paper on sequence memory, we showed how that happens, how the brains infer and learn at the same time. And our models do that. And they're not two separate phases, or two separate sets of time. I think that's a big, big problem in AI, at least for many applications, not for all. So I can talk about that. There are some, it gets detailed, there are some parts of the neocortex in the brain where actually what's going on, there's these cycles of act
ell to multi cell life at that point. All to meet up at this, at this point. Yeah. Wow. That's like, that's almost romantic. It is. Okay. So on the human side of things, it's kind of fascinating because you're talking about over a thousand people team for LIGO. Yeah. They started out with, you know, around a hundred and you've for parts of the time at least led this team. What does it take to lead a team like this of incredibly brilliant theoreticians and engineers and just a lot of different parties involved? A lot of egos, a lot of ideas. You had this fun, funny example, I forget where, where in publishing a paper, you have to all agree on like, you know, the phrasing of a certain sentence or the title of the paper and so on. That's a very interesting, simple example. I'd love you to speak to that, but just in general, how, what does it take to lead this kind of team? Okay. I think that the general idea is one we all know. You want to, you want to, you want to get where the, the sum of something is more than the individual parts is what we say, right
han I am, but I think I tend to want to minimize stress, which everything comes into that from your sleep and all those kinds of things. But I worry that whenever I'm trying to be too strict with myself, then the stress goes up when I don't follow the strictness. And so you have to kind of, it's a weird, it's a, there's so many variables in an objective function as it's hard to get right. And sort of not giving a damn about sleep and not giving a damn about diet is a good thing to inject in there every once in a while for somebody who's trying to optimize everything. But that's me just trying to, it's exactly like you said, you're just a scientist, I'm a scientist of myself, you're a scientist of yourself. It'd be nice if somebody else was doing it and had much better data, because I don't trust my conscious mind and I pigged out last night at some brisket in LA that I regret deeply. It's just so, uh. There's no point to anything I just said. But. But. What is the nature of your regret on the brisket? Is it, do you wish you hadn't eaten it entirely? 
The following is a conversation with Niels Jorgensen, a New York firefighter for over 21 years who was there at Ground Zero on September 11th, 2001. He was forced to retire because of the leukemia he contracted from cleaning up Ground Zero. This podcast tells his story, and the story of other great men and women who were there that day. Some of the stories we talk about are part of a new limited podcast series that Niels hosts called 20 for 20, with 20 episodes for the 20 years since 9 11. To support this podcast, please check out our sponsors in the description. As a side note, please allow me to say a few words about the terrorist attacks on September 11th, 2001. I was in downtown Chicago on that day, lost in the mundane busyness of an early Tuesday morning. At that time, I was already fascinated by human nature, the best and the worst of it, exploring it through the study of history and literature. In the years before, as a young boy growing up in Russia, I saw chaos, uncertainty, and desperation in the Soviet Union of the 1990s, wrapping up a century of war
first of all, I'm very inspired of how vibrant the community at UT Austin and Austin is. It's really exciting for me to see it. And this whole field seems like profound philosophically, but also the path forward for the artificial intelligence community. So thank you so much for explaining so many cool things to me today and for wasting all of your valuable time with me. Oh, it was a pleasure. Thanks. I appreciate it. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Risto McAlignan. And thank you to the Jordan Harbinger Show, Grammarly, Belcampo, and Indeed. Check them out in the description to support this podcast. And now let me leave you with some words from Carl Sagan. Extinction is the rule. Survival is the exception. Thank you for listening. I hope to see you next time. And yes, the communication is multifaceted. I mean, they vocalize and call for friends, but they also rub against each other and they push and they do all kinds of gestures and so on. So they don't act alone. And I don't think people act alone very much either, at least 
then our horizon shrinks again. So that's really interesting. So adjusting the horizon, is there some mathematical benefit of that? Or is it just a nice, I mean, intuitively, empirically, it would probably be a good idea to sort of push the horizon back, extend the horizon as you experience more of the world. But is there some mathematical conclusions here that are beneficial? With solomonic reductions or the prediction part, we have extremely strong finite time, but not finite data results. So you have so and so much data, then you lose so and so much. So it's a, the theory is really great. With the ICSE model, with the planning part, many results are only asymptotic, which, well, this is... What does asymptotic mean? Asymptotic means you can prove, for instance, that in the long run, if the agent, you know, acts long enough, then, you know, it performs optimal or some nice thing happens. So, but you don't know how fast it converges. So it may converge fast, but we're just not able to prove it because of a difficult problem. Or maybe there's a bug in t
 talking to these very old girls. I think they were 10. And telling them, if I could just figure this out, we could fly, we could do anything. And they said, well, you have quite an imagination. And then when I was in third grade, so I was like eight, created like a virtual reality theater where people could come on stage and they could move their arms. And all of it was controlled through one control box. It was all done with mechanical technology. And it was a big hit in my third grade class. And then I went on to do things in junior high school science fairs and high school science fairs. I won the Westinghouse Science Talent Search. So I mean, I became committed to technology when I was five or six years old. You've talked about how you use lucid dreaming to think, to come up with ideas as a source of creativity. Because you maybe talk through that, maybe the process of how to, you've invented a lot of things. You've came up and thought through some very interesting ideas. What advice would you give, or can you speak to the process of 
had it, like again, they were tremendous, right? Yeah, exactly. And Chinese have it in so many areas, a genuine meritocracy in this one way. That moves people from the rural to the big city and that's a big boost of productivity for some amount of time. And when they get there, they're taken seriously. Jack Ma was riding a bicycle, teaching English in his late 20s. He was a poor guy. Not a society of credentialism. Or in America, it's way too much a credentialist society. As we're talking about even with the Nobel Prize. But what do you think about these large government programs like UBI? The one version of UBI that makes the most sense to me is the Mitt Romney version, UBI for kids. Like kids are vulnerable. If their parents screw up, you shouldn't blame the kid or make the kids suffer. I believe in something like UBI for kids. Maybe just cash. But if you don't have kids, even with AI, my sense is at least in the world we know, you should be able to find a way to adjust. You might have to move to North Dakota to work, next to fracking, say. But lo
have a room somewhere with servers in it that a government couldn't come and meddle with. And so a lot of ideation happened around that view of things that there were efforts to figure out jurisdictions where this might work. There was a lot of interest for a while in Anguilla, which is a Caribbean island that had some unusual jurisdictional properties. There was SeaLand, which is a platform in the North Sea. And so there was a lot of effort that went into finding these physical locations that were deemed kind of safe. And that all goes away with blockchain, it's no longer necessary. And so that really changes the picture in a lot of ways because you no longer have... From a novelist point of view, the old system was a lot more fun to work with because it gives you a situation where hackers are wandering around in strange parts of the world trying to set up server rooms. So that's a great storytelling thing. There's still a little bit of that in the modern world, but it's just there's several server rooms as opposed to one central
he model so that it's really that slow. So that is what asymptotic means, sort of eventually, but we don't know how fast. And if I give the agent a fixed horizon M, then I cannot prove asymptotic results, right? So I mean, sort of if it dies in a hundred years, then in a hundred years it's over, I cannot say eventually. So this is the advantage of the discounting that I can prove asymptotic results. So just to clarify, so I, okay, I made, I've built up a model, we're now in the moment of, I have this way of looking several steps ahead. How do I pick what action I will take? It's like with the playing chess, right? You do this minimax. In this case here, do expectimax based on the solomonov distribution, you propagate back, and then while an action falls out, the action which maximizes the future expected reward on the solomonov distribution, and then you just take this action. And then repeat. And then you get a new observation, and you feed it in this action observation, then you repeat. And the reward, so on. Yeah, so you rewrote too, yeah. And then 
ing a simulation. Well, then it's the teenager that makes the video game. Us humans with our current limited cognitive capability have strived to understand ourselves and we have created religions. We think of God. Whatever that is, do you think God exists? And if so, who is God? I alluded to this before. We started out with lots of particles going around and there's nothing that represents love and creativity. And somehow we've gotten into a world where love actually exists and that has to do actually with consciousness because you can't have love without consciousness. So to me, that's God, the fact that we have something where love, where you can be devoted to someone else and really feel the love, that's God. And if you look at the Old Testament, it was actually created by several different ravenants in there. And I think they've identified three of them. One of them dealt with God as a person that you can make deals with and he gets angry and he wrecks vengeance on various people. But two of them actually talk about God as a symbol
an predict the future. Absolutely. So I'll tell you a story. I used to run a different neuroscience institute called the Redwood Neuroscience Institute, and we would hold these symposiums and we'd get like 35 scientists from around the world to come together. And I used to ask them all the same question. I would say, well, how long do you think it'll be before we understand how the neocortex works? And everyone went around the room and they had introduced the name and they have to answer that question. So I got, the typical answer was 50 to 100 years. Some people would say 500 years. Some people said never. I said, why are you a neuroscientist? It's never gonna, it's a good pay. It's interesting. So, you know, but it doesn't work like that. As I mentioned earlier, these are not, these are step functions. Things happen and then bingo, they happen. You can't predict that. I feel I've already passed a step function. So if I can do my job correctly over the next five years, then, meaning I can proselytize these ideas. I can convince other people they're right. We c
over that reason? Is it going to be people just kind of organically or is there going to be an Angry Birds style application that's just too exciting to not use? If I think through the things that have changed my life most significantly over the past few years, when I started wearing a wearable on my wrist that would give me data about my heart rate, heart rate variability, respiration rate, metabolic approximations, et cetera, for the first time in my life, I had access to information, sleep patterns that were highly impactful. They told me, for example, if I eat close to bedtime, I'm not going to get deep sleep. And not getting deep sleep means you have all these follow on consequences in life. And so it opened up this window of understanding of myself that I cannot self introspect and deduce these things. This is information that was available to be acquired, but it just wasn't. I would have to get an expensive sleep study, then it's an end, like one night, and that's not good enough to look at, to run all my trials. And so if you loo
on this planet, but yet in that time, I am thrilled every day. I'm turned on every day by what I do. And I reveled in this thing called my life's work. I think that that is a 50 year journey of absolute delight and fulfillment that you should take. I think about my death all the time. I meditate on death. I'm okay to die today. So to me, longevity is not a significant goal. I'm so happy to be alive. I don't even think it would suck to die today. I'm as afraid of it today as I will be in 50 years. I don't wanna die as much today as I will in 50 years. There's of course all these experiences I would like to have, but everything's already amazing. It's like that Lego movie. So I don't know. So to me, I just wanna keep doing this. And there's of course things that could affect, like you mentioned, dementia and these deterioration of the mind or the body that can significantly affect the quality of life. And so you want to do. As long as you're aware of that, and that's the price you pay for the entry into this magical kingdom that you are experiencing, which 
ink about my finger touches the edge of the coffee cup. My finger can touch it at different orientations. I can rotate my finger around here and that doesn't change. I can make that prediction and somehow, so it's not just the location. There's an orientation component of this as well. This is known in the old parts of the brain too. There's things called head direction cells, which way the rat is facing. It's the same kind of basic idea. So if my finger were a rat, you know, in three dimensions, I have a three dimensional orientation and I have a three dimensional location. If I was a rat, I would have a, you might think of it as a two dimensional location, a two dimensional orientation, a one dimensional orientation, like just which way is it facing? So how the two components work together, how it is that I combine orientation, the orientation of my sensor, as well as the location is a tricky problem. And I think I've made progress on it. So at a bigger version of that, so perspective is super interesting, but super specific. Yeah, I warned 
 or early work that Peter was so critical to. So I was really grateful to him for working with me. What not a lot of people know is just how hard research was, and still is. Peter's PhD thesis was using reinforcement learning to fly helicopters. And so, even today, the website heli.stanford.edu, heli.stanford.edu is still up. You can watch videos of us using reinforcement learning to make a helicopter fly upside down, fly loose roses, so it's cool. It's one of the most incredible robotics videos ever, so people should watch it. Oh yeah, thank you. It's inspiring. That's from like 2008 or seven or six, like that range. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, so it was over 10 years old. That was really inspiring to a lot of people, yeah. What not many people see is how hard it was. So Peter and Adam Coase and Morgan Quigley and I were working on various versions of the helicopter, and a lot of things did not work. For example, it turns out one of the hardest problems we had was when the helicopter's flying around upside down, doing stunts, how do you figure out t
rs. Yeah. So let me talk to both the instrument and the science. Sure. So they go hand in hand. I mean, the thing that I said is if we make it better, we see more kinds of weaker objects and we do astronomy. Okay. We're very motivated to make a new instrument, which will be a big step, the next step, like making a new kind of telescope or something. And the ideas of what that instrument should be haven't converged yet. There's different ideas in Europe. They've done more work to kind of develop the ideas, but they're different from ours and we have ideas. But I think over the next few years, we'll develop those. The idea is to make an instrument that's at least 10 times better than what we can do with this instrument, 10 times better than that. 10 times better means you can look 10 times further out. 10 times further out is a thousand times more volume. So you're seeing much, much more of the universe. The best way to look at it is to look further out. The big change is that if you can see far out, you see further back in history. Yeah, you're traveling ba
eoretical properties, also works reasonably well in practice. So we use that for the approximation of the induction and the learning and the prediction part. And for the planning part, we essentially just took the ideas from a computer go from 2006. It was Java Zipes Bari, also now at DeepMind, who developed the so called UCT algorithm, upper confidence bound for trees algorithm on top of the Monte Carlo tree search. So we approximate this planning part by sampling. And it's successful on some small toy problems. We don't want to lose the generality, right? And that's sort of the handicap, right? If you want to be general, you have to give up something. So, but this single agent was able to play small games like Coon poker and Tic Tac Toe and even Pacman in the same architecture, no change. The agent doesn't know the rules of the game, really nothing and all by self or by a player with these environments. So Jrgen Schmidhuber proposed something called Ghetto Machines, which is a self improving program that rewrites its own code. Sort of mat
ex, right? You look at the heartache in a lot of segments of people and anytime like someone that's got fame and wealth and success and they die tragically, a lot of times it's from a substance abuse or just some horrible death. And I used to say to myself, how the hell would someone with that much money and that much fame and this freaking mansion and I love cars, my son and I are just big car heads, you know, I'm like, you know, this guy's got a collection of cars and he overdosed because he was sad. And I'm going, how the frig are you sad? But then I stop and I go, okay, because maybe he doesn't have any idea who loves him. He's got a lot of people clinging onto him because of his success. And he just, he can't fill that void, you know? And then they fill the void with something destructive. And I'm not bashing people that have substance abuse problems or alcohol problems, I don't mean it that way. But what I mean is it's just sad that their level of despair is so high, on the surface, they look like they just got everything going on. It's all
tistical representation of you and you engage with the app and it says, Lex, you're best to engage with this meditation exercise in the following settings. At this time of day, after eating this kind of food or not eating, fasting with this level of blood glucose and this kind of night's sleep. But all these data combined to give you this contextually relevant experience, just like we do with our sleep. You've optimized your entire life based upon what information you can acquire and know about yourself. And so the question is, how much do we really know of the things going around us? And I would venture to guess in my own life experience, I capture, my self awareness captures an extremely small percent of the things that actually influence my conscious and unconscious experience. Well, in some sense, the data would help encourage you to be more self aware, not just because you trust everything the data is saying, but it'll give you a prod to start investigating. Like I would love to get like a rating, like a ranking of all the thin
e the same end piece and the same start piece for all of them. And you can now use plasmids, which are these extra chromosomal small DNA circular segments that are basically inhabiting all our, all our genomes. We basically have, you know, plasmids from floating around and bacteria use plasmids for transferring DNA. And that's where they put a lot of antibiotic resistance genes. So they can easily transfer them from one bacterium to the other. After one bacterium evolves a gene to be resistant to a particular antibiotic, it basically says to all its friends, Hey, here's that sort of DNA piece. We can now coopt these plasmids into human cells. You can basically make a human cell culture and add plasmids to that human cell culture that contain the things that you want to test. You now have this library of 450,000 elements. You can insert them each into the common plasmid and then test them in millions of cells in parallel. And the common plasmid is all the same before you add it. Exactly. The rest of the plasmid is the same. So it's, it's cal
nt of a free market, is it doesn't, if there's trouble, that's a signal, and it will respond to that signal, and it will respond appropriately to try to maximize happiness. The question is, is there a local optima that free markets get stuck in and need governments to represent the broader scale of the people to get outside of that? I think the fundamental problem here is the idea that there is a feedback mechanism when there is coercion in one party, when one party can employ coercion and the other one cannot. So in other words, I'm gonna put a gun to your head, I'm gonna take your money, and I'm gonna use it to buy more guns for me to put against your head, but somehow you're gonna put a paper in a box and that's going to deactivate my guns. Well, love requires a push and pull, a little bit of tension, a little spice in a relationship, I think, a little gun to the head. Good luck to anybody who's gonna be dating you if you think putting a gun to people's head is comparable to a relationship. All jokes, but yes, I mean, the people don't often 
the special moments, like the highest heights you rise to, not in terms of records or the strikes landed, but just creating a magical moment in a fight? It doesn't have to be even a championship fight, but just, Conor McGregor is an example of somebody who creates a narrative, who creates a story, who creates a drama, and a special magic happens, even if it's like, not with. Myth is greater than reality. And that is always the case. But do you. And so I understand that so very much, and it takes an asshole like me to poo poo on your myth. They at least get you, at the end of the day, you're not gonna abandon your myth, but perhaps temper it with the facts and logic. So you're not a fan of myth? No, I'm an absolute massive fan of myth. But you prefer facts and logic. It's like when I, no, I mean. I like saying facts and logic, because people, I also, I am not a materialist in that sense. I don't think that materialism can solve for everything. It's not enough. It's not robust enough, I'm sorry. If facts and logic and, or reason, as the Enlightenment scholar
're gonna have kind of a financial apartheid where there's going to be two monetary systems. One is government controlled and it comes with increasing amounts of surveillance and inflation. And then if you want, you can just opt out of that and get into Bitcoin. And it's likely going to be difficult for governments to stop people from getting into Bitcoin for all of the technical reasons that make it very hard to stop Bitcoin. So then we have this alternative that is Bitcoin, which is not inflationary and does not have a central authority that can censor it. I think gradually is my hope and I also think my most likely scenario, but maybe I am biased because everybody thinks what they want is what's gonna happen. I think we're just gonna witness the same relationship because governments make their currencies so that they can devalue them and Bitcoin thrives on that. And more and more people are gonna learn, more and more people are gonna find out. And whether it's through curiosity or self interest or through the destruction of
 a document called the AI Transformation Playbook that's online and taught briefly in the AI for Everyone course on Coursera about the long term journey that companies should take but the first step is actually to start small I've seen a lot more companies fail by starting too big than by starting too small take even Google you know most people don't realize how hard it was and how controversial it was in the early days so when I started Google Brain it was controversial you know people thought deep learning near nest tried it didn't work why would you want to do deep learning so my first internal customer within Google was the Google speech team which is not the most lucrative project in Google not the most important it's not web search or advertising but by starting small my team helped the speech team build a more accurate speech recognition system and this caused their peers other teams to start to have more faith in deep learning my second internal customer was the Google Maps team where we used computer visi
 split it up, and what became Escape from Evil, his wife, Marie Becker, finished. Well, be that as it may, it is in The Denial of Death where Becker just says in the first paragraph, I believe that the terror of death and the way that human beings respond to it or decline to respond to it is primarily responsible for almost everything we do, whether we're aware of it or not, and mostly we're not. And so I read that first paragraph, Lex, and I was like, wow, okay, this dude's... You're onto something. You're onto something. It's the same thing here. It's the same thing. And then it reminded me, I think, not to play psychologist, but let's face it, I believe there's a reason why we end up drifting where we ultimately come to. So I'm in my mid 20s. I got Ernest Becker's book in my hand. And the next thing I know, I'm remembering that when I'm eight years old, the day that my grandmother died. And the day before, my mom said, oh, say goodbye to grandma. She's not well. And so I was like, okay, grandma. And I knew she wasn't well, but I didn't really appreciate the magnitu
ent each week. Now we're fixing, we're adding features where it'll probably be when we turn back on next year, it'll probably be one every couple days. And they're not all the same. So it's learning about what's out there in gravity instead of just optics. So it's all great. We're only limited by the fantastic thing other than that this is a great field and it's all new and so forth is that experimentally, the great thing is that we're limited by technology and technical limitations, not by science. So another really important discovery that was made before ours was what's called the Higgs boson made on the big accelerator at CERN. This huge accelerator, they discovered a really important thing. We have Einstein's equation, E equals MC squared. So energy makes mass or mass can make energy and that's the bomb. But the mechanism by which that happens, not vision, but how do you create mass from energy was never understood until there was a theory of it about 70 years ago now. And so they discovered it's named after a man named Higgs. It's called th
seball game or whatever it is, because you can look it up right away. And I think in that sense, we can learn to utilize tools. And that's what we have been doing for a long, long time. And we are already, the brain is already drinking the water, firehose, like vision. There's way more information in vision that we actually process. So brain is already good at identifying what matters. And that we can switch that from vision to some other wavelength or some other kind of modality. But I think that the same processing principles probably still apply. But also indeed this ability to have information more accessible and more relevant, I think can enhance what we do. I mean, kids today at school, they learn about DNA. I mean, things that were discovered just a couple of years ago. And it's already common knowledge and we are building on it. And we don't see a problem where there's too much information that we can absorb and learn. Maybe people become a little bit more narrow in what they know, they are in one field. But this information that 
e listening, I need to talk to you soon. Okay. I've been trying to get ahold of him. Okay. Back to capitalism. I gotta ask you, just competition in general, in this world of weirdos, is competition good for the world? This kind of seems to be one of the fundamental engines of capitalism, right? Do you see it as ultimately constructive or destructive for the world? What really matters is how good your legal framework is. So competition within nature for food leads to bloody conflict all the time. The animal world is quite unpleasant, to say the least. If you have something like the rule of law and clearly defined property rights, which are within reason justly allocated, competition probably is gonna work very well. But it's not an unalloyed good thing at all. It can be highly destructive. Military competition, right? Which actually is itself sometimes good, but it's not good per se. What aspects of life do you think we should protect from competition? Is there some, you said like the rule of law, is there some things we should keep away fro
e demonstrated you would be very impressed? So does it have to have a body? Does it have to have the C word we used before, consciousness as an entirety in a holistic sense? First of all, I don't think the goal is to create a machine that is human level intelligence. I think it's a false goal. Back to Turing, I think it was a false statement. We want to understand what intelligence is and then we can build intelligent machines of all different scales, all different capabilities. A dog is intelligent. I don't need, that'd be pretty good to have a dog. But what about something that doesn't look like an animal at all, in different spaces? So my thinking about this is that we want to define what intelligence is, agree upon what makes an intelligent system. We can then say, okay, we're now gonna build systems that work on those principles or some subset of them and we can apply them to all different types of problems. And the kind, the idea, it's not computing. We don't ask, if I take a little one chip computer, I don't say, well, that's not a compute
, what happens when I have this diet with this molecule, with this experience, all the experimentation you do when you have good sleep data or HRV. And so that's what I think happens, what we could potentially do with psychedelics is we could add this level of sophistication that is not in the industry currently. And it may improve the outcomes people experience, it may improve the safety and efficacy. And so that's what I hope we are able to achieve. And it would transform mental health because we would finally have numbers to work with to baseline ourselves. And then if you think about it, when we talk about things related to the mind, we talk about the modality. We use words like meditation or psychedelics or something else, because we can't talk about a marker in the brain. We can't use a word to say, we can't talk about cholesterol. We don't talk about plaque in the arteries. We don't talk about HRV. And so if we have numbers, then the solutions get mapped to numbers instead of the modalities being the thing we talk about. Meditati
ig and small and different sizes and is big but we're not small, things we talked about earlier and the fact that the universe is comprehensible and how complexity could emerge from simplicity and so those things are in the broad sense facts about the world. Complementarity is more an attitude towards the world than encouraged by the facts about the world. And it's the concept or the approach or the realization that it can be appropriate and useful and inevitable and unavoidable to use very different descriptions of the same object or the same system or the same situation to answer different kinds of questions that may be very different and even mutually uninterpretable, immutually incomprehensible. But both correct somehow. But both correct and sources of different kinds of insight which is so weird. But it seems to work in so many cases. It works in many cases and I think it's a deep fact about the world and how we should approach it. It's most rigorous form where it's actually a theorem if quantum mechanics is correct, o
nd of money rich and people poor. And so whether it's better to focus time or money depends on the cause area. And then the second is that you mentioned metrics, and while that's the ideal, and in some areas we do, we are able to get somewhat quantitative information about how much impact an area is having. That's not always true. For some of the issues, like you mentioned existential risks, well, we're not able to measure in any sort of precise way like how much progress we're making. And so you have to instead fall back on just rigorous argument and evaluation, even in the absence of data. So let's first sort of linger on your own story for a second. How do you yourself practice effective altruism in your own life? Because I think that's a really interesting place to start. So I've tried to build effective altruism into at least many components of my life. So on the donation side, my plan is to give away most of my income over the course of my life. I've set a bar I feel happy with and I just donate above that bar. So at the moment, I d
y're mutually incompatible and the physical correlate of that is the Heisenberg uncertainty principle you can't have position and momentum determined at once. But in other cases, like one that I like to think about or like to point out as an example is free will and determinism. It's much less of a theorem and more a kind of way of thinking about things that I think is reassuring and avoids a lot of unnecessary quarreling and confusion. The quarreling I'm okay with and the confusion I'm okay with, I mean, people debate about difficult ideas, but the question is whether it could be almost a fundamental truth. I think it is a fundamental truth. That free will is both an illusion and not. Yes, I think that's correct. There's a reason why people say quantum mechanics is weird and complementarity is a big part of that. To say that our actual whole world is weird, the whole hierarchy of the universe is weird in this kind of particular way, and it's quite profound, but it's also humbling because it's like we're never going to be on sturdy gro
 sometimes, uh, spending a huge amount of time on one video or one book, like making that the thing you just spent a huge amount of time on rereading, rereading, or rewatching, rewatching that, that somehow really, um, solidifies your love for that thing. And like the depth of understanding you start to gain and it's okay to stay with that. I used to think like, there's all these books out there, so like, I need to keep reading or keep reading. But then I realized, um, I think it was somewhere in college, uh, uh, where you could just spend your whole life with a single textbook. There's nothing in that textbook to really, really stay. Meisner, Thorne and Wheeler, Gravitation, you know, is, is one of those, or another one is, um, The Road to Reality by Roger Penrose, which is just incredibly deep and it starts with like two plus two equals four and it, at the end you're at the boundaries of, of physics. Uh, it's an amazing, amazing book. Let me ask you the big ridiculous question. Okay. You've pondered some big ridiculous questions in your work. What's the 
 savings of about 140, 150 calories. In other words, you just go out and club another baby seal or whatever it was, and you wouldn't worry. So it has to be much more to it than energy conservation, much more to it than sharing ecosystem space and time, much more to it than simply predator prey relationships. If sleep really did, and looking back, even very old evolutionary organisms like earthworms, millions of years old, they have periods where they're active and periods where they're passively asleep. It's called lethargicus. And so what that in some ways suggested to me was sleep evolved with life itself on this planet, and then it has fought its way through heroically every step along the evolutionary pathway, which then leads to the sort of famous sleep statement from a researcher that if sleep doesn't serve an absolutely vital function or functions, then it's the biggest mistake the evolutionary process has ever made. And we've now realized Mother Nature didn't make a spectacular blender with sleep. You've mentioned the idea of consciou
lex trajectory through life in terms of your journey of ideas. So it's interesting to ask what books, technical, fiction, philosophical, books, ideas, people had a transformative effect. Books are most interesting because maybe people could also read those books and see if they could be inspired as well. Yeah, luckily I asked books and not singular book. It's very hard and I try to pin down one book. And I can do that at the end. So the most, the books which were most transformative for me or which I can most highly recommend to people interested in AI. Both perhaps. Yeah, yeah, both, both, yeah, yeah. I would always start with Russell and Norvig, Artificial Intelligence, A Modern Approach. That's the AI Bible. It's an amazing book. It's very broad. It covers all approaches to AI. And even if you focused on one approach, I think that is the minimum you should know about the other approaches out there. So that should be your first book. Fourth edition should be coming out soon. Oh, okay, interesting. There's a deep learning chapter now, so there must b
o my bedtime and I've done a systematic study for years looking at like 15 minute increments on time of day on where I eat my last meal, my willpower is directly correlated to the amount of deep sleep I get. So my ability to not binge eat at night when rascal Brian's out and about is based upon how much deep sleep I got the night before. Yeah, there's a lot to that, yeah. And so I've seen it manifest itself. And so I think the way I summarize this is in society we've had this myth of, we tell stories, for example, of entrepreneurship where this person was so amazing, they stayed at the office for three days and slept under their desk. And we say, wow, that's amazing, that's amazing. And now I think we're headed towards a state where we'd say that's primitive and really not a good idea on every level. And so the new mythology is going to be the exact opposite. Yeah, by the way, just to sort of maybe push back a little bit on that idea. Did you sleep under your desk collects? Well, yeah, a lot. I'm a big believer in that actually. I'm a big believer 
. Of everything, everything, truly everything is. Can I ask you about the Big Bang? So we talked about the space and time are really big. But then, and we humans give a lot of meaning to the word space and time in our like daily lives. But then can we talk about this moment of beginning and how we're supposed to think about it? That at the moment of the Big Bang, everything was what, like infinitely small and then it just blew up? We have to be careful here because there's a common misconception that the Big Bang is like the explosion of a bomb in empty space that fills up the surrounding place. that's the lowest energy configuration that there is, so you can't get further energy out of it. So in theory, I guess perpetual motion, you would be able to extract energy from it if such a thing was to be created, you can then milk it for energy. Well, what's usually meant in the literature of perpetual motion is a kind of macroscopic motion that you could extract energy from and somehow it would crank back up. That's not the case here. If you
issues. We can regulate, we can redistribute. I'm not advocating this as a political position. I'm not taking a political position myself. I'm just saying that there's a confusion on the left between those who accept capitalism and want to regulate it versus those who think capitalism is inherently evil and if we eliminate it we'll get to a better world when in fact history shows that if you eliminate capitalism you get to a worse world. The problems might be real, but the solutions are worse. From history's lessons, now we have deep painful lessons, but there's not that many of them. You know, our history is relatively short as a human species. Do we have a good answer on the left of Leninist, Marxist versus Social Democrat versus capitalism versus any anarchy? Do we have sufficient samples from history to make better decisions about the future of our politics and economics? For sure. We have the American Revolution, which was a revolution not about class, not about workers, not about a so called universal class of the working class, e
nd something that covers 99% of the people because the worrying thing about microsleeps of course, unlike, you know, drugs or alcohol, which you know, certainly is a terrible thing to be behind the wheel. With those often you react too late. And that's the reason you get into an accident. When you fall asleep behind the wheel, you don't react at all. You know, at that point, there is a two ton missile driving down the street and no one's in control. That's why those accidents can often be more dangerous. Yeah, and the fascinating thing is, in the case of semi autonomous vehicles, like Tesla autopilot, this is where I've had disagreements with Mr. Elon Musk, and the human factors community, which is this community that one of the big things they study is human supervision over automation. So you have like pilots, you know, supervising an airplane that's mostly flying autonomously. The question is, when we're actually doing the driving, how do microsleeps or general, how does drowsiness progress and how does it affect our driving? That question beco
damentally altered and alleviated as we go forward. Next time we talk, we'll talk about the philosophical implications of that and the effect of life, but let's stick to biology for just a little longer. We did pretty good today. We stuck to the science. What are you excited in terms of the future of this field, the technologies in your own group, in your own mind, you're leading the world at MIT in the science and the engineering of this work. So what are you excited about here? I could not be more excited. We are one of many, many teams who are working on this. In my team, the most exciting parts are, you know, many folds. So basically we've now assembled these battery of technologies. We've assembled these massive, massive data sets and now we're really sort of in the stage of our team's path of generating disease insights. So we are simultaneously working on a paper on schizophrenia right now that is basically using the single cell profiling technologies, using this editing and manipulation technologies to basically show how the mast
hose 10 seconds that my bank, which could be in another country, sent the money to your bank into your account. There's a lot of infrastructure underneath that. So what actually happened is that I have an account with my bank and you have an account with your bank. And when the message is communicated from my app to yours, my bank crosses out the money and your bank credits you with the money. And then at the end of the day, week or month, banks in the same city will settle with one another, banks in the same country will settle with one another and banks from different countries will settle with one another. So they won't move the $10 from my account to yours. At the end of the day or week or month, they'll tally all of the money that was sent from one bank to the other and then just settle the difference. So it turns out at the end of the month, my bank had sent $15 million to your bank and your bank had sent $14 million to my bank. So they give them $1 million and that settles it, that finalizes the transaction. So final settlement 3D is li
, to understand it's worse, it's not useful in the sense that we're not gonna be basing any technology anytime soon on black holes, but it's more severe than that, I would say it's that the kinds of questions about black holes that we can't answer within the framework of existing theory are ones that are not going to be susceptible to astronomical observation in the foreseeable future. They're questions about very, very small black holes when quantum effects come into play so that black holes are, not black holes, they're emitting this discovery of Hawking called Hawking radiation, which for astronomical black holes is a tiny, tiny effect that no one has ever observed, it's a prediction that's never been checked. So like supermassive black holes, that doesn't apply? No, no, the predicted rate of radiation from those black holes is so tiny that it's absolutely unobservable and is overwhelmed by all kinds of other effects. So it's not practical in the sense of technology, it's not even practical in the sense of application to astronomy, our ex
t as being as good as gold in order to finance the war. And incidentally here, this is part of the history that is not discussed often. This is presented as an innovation. Later on, they needed essentially a propaganda school that would justify what they did. And later on, it's presented as, oh, hey, we realized that gold was not good. And now look, we've built this thing that is better than gold, where now the government can just print money whenever it wants. And now gold money is not an issue anymore, which is extremely idiotic because the whole point of money is that it's not easy to make. If it's easy to make, it's not money anymore. It's just destroying the entire function of money. And we've seen that happen extensively in the 20th century after countries went off the gold standard. So essentially Keynesian economics is just inflation apologia. It's just propaganda to justify inflationism. And it's profoundly nonsensical. It's built on the idea that if you just make more money, you can stimulate economic production. And of course, this is 
 starts with John Locke's assumption that in a state of nature, there are no societies, just autonomous individuals who are striving for survival. That's one of the most obviously patently wrong assertions in the history of intellectual thought. And Locke uses that to justify his claims about the individual right to acquire unlimited amounts of property, which is ultimately the justification for called Regaining Consciousness. And he hypothesized, I think this is 1980s, maybe even earlier, that consciousness arose as a way to better predict the behavior of others in social settings, that by knowing how I feel makes me better able to know how you may be feeling. This is like the rudiments of a theory of mind. And it really may not have had anything to do with intelligence, so much as social intelligence. So in that sense, consciousness is a social construct. It's just a useful thing for interacting with other humans. I don't know, but there seems to be something about realizing your own mortality that's somehow intricately connected to 
mans? Like how would you go about detecting in the computational sense? Maybe we can leave humans behind. In the computational sense, detect interesting things. Do you basically have to have a strict objective function by which you measure the performance of a system or can you find curiosities and interesting things? Yeah, well, I think that the first measurement would be to detect how much of an effect you can have in your environment. So if you look around, we have cities and that is constructed environments. And that's where a lot of people live, most people live. So that would be a good sign of intelligence that you don't just live in an environment, but you construct it to your liking. And that's something pretty unique. I mean, there are certainly birds build nests but they don't build quite cities. Termites build mounds and ice and things like that. But the complexity of the human construction cities, I think would stand out even to an external observer. Of course, that's what a human would say. Yeah, and you know, you can certain
y life too. And I think I've been fortunate in ways because I know how sleep works and I know how to combat insomnia. I know how to get it under control because insomnia in many ways is a condition where all of a sudden your sleep controls you rather than you control your sleep. Wow, yeah, that's a beautiful way to put it, yeah. And I know when I'm starting to lose control and it's starting to take control, and I understand how to regain, but it doesn't happen overnight. It takes a long time. So you've struggled with insomnia in your life? I have, not all of my life. I would say I've probably had three or four really severe bouts, and all of them usually triggered by emotional circumstances, by stress. Stress that's connected to actual events in life or stress that's unexplainable? Well, externally triggered. Yeah, it's sort of what we would call reactive stress. And so that's sort of point number one about the idiosyncrasies. The point number two is that when you are having a difficult night of sleep, as a sleep researcher, you basically have 
't do both. And that's an example of complementarity. To answer different kinds of questions, you have to analyze the system in different ways that are mutually incompatible, but both valid to answer different kinds of questions. So in that case, it's a theorem, but I think it's a much more widespread phenomena that applies to many cases where we can't prove it as a theorem, but it's a piece of wisdom, if you like, and appears to be a very important insight. And if you ignore it, you can get very confused and misguided. Do you think this is a useful hack for ideas that we don't fully understand? Or is this somehow a fundamental property of all or many ideas, that you can take multiple perspectives and they're both true? Well, I think it's both. So it's both the answer to all questions. Yes, that's right. It's not either or, it's both. It's paralyzing to think that we live in a world that's fundamentally surrounded by complementary ideas. Because we somehow want to attach ourselves to absolute truths, and absolute truths certainly don't like the idea
k it up. You may or may not like it. Let's praise the people who are getting something done. Very Ayn Randian point. As an economic thinker, as a writer, as a podcaster, what do you think about Clubhouse? What do you think about... Okay, let me just throw my feeling about it. I used to use Discord, which is another service where people use voice. So the only thing you do is just hear each other. There's no face, you just see a little icon. That's the essential element of Clubhouse. And there's an intimacy to voice only communication. That's hard. That didn't make sense to me, but it was just what it is, which feels like something that won't last for some reason, maybe it's the cynical view. But what's your sense about the intimacy of what's happening right now with Clubhouse? I've greatly enjoyed what I've done, but I'm not sure it's for me in the long run for two reasons. First, if you compare it to doing a podcast, podcasting has greater reach than Clubhouse. So I would rather put time into my podcast. But then also my core asset, so to speak, is I'm a ve
is a lovely thing. I feel privileged too. I can't believe the life that I live. It's incredible. And just like you, I think about mortality a great deal. I think a lot about death, but I don't worry about death. I probably, with the exception of the potential pain that comes before it, that some people, many people can suffer, that maybe concerns me. But I actually think about mortality as a tool, I use it as a lens through which I can then retrospect. And by placing myself at the point of future mortality, I can then use it as a retrospective lens to focus and ask the following question. Is there anything I feel I would regret and therefore change in the life that I currently have now? That's the way I meditate and use mortality as a question, is to try and course correct and focus my life. I worry not about dying, but I like to think about death as a way to prioritize my life. If that makes sense, I don't know if that makes sense. No, it makes total sense to decide how do you want to live today so that in the future you do not regret th
In fact, I want to take this home. Yeah, yeah, that's right. So people are accustomed to being in big systems like fMRI where there's 120 decibel sounds and you're in a claustrophobic encasement, or EEG, which is just painful, or surgery. And so, yes, I agree that this is a convenient option to be able to just put on your head that measures your brain activity in the contextual environment you choose. So if we want to have it during a podcast, if we want to be at home in a business setting, it's freedom to record your brain activity in the setting that you choose. Yeah, but sort of from an engineering perspective, are these, what is it? There's a bunch of different modular parts and they're kind of, there's like a rubber band thing where they mold to the shape of your head. That's right. So we built this version of the mechanical design to accommodate most adult heads. But I have a giant head and it fits fine. It fits well, actually. So I don't think I have an average head. Okay, maybe I feel much better about my head now. Maybe I'm more average than
he position? How do you localize the helicopter? So we wanted to try all sorts of things. Having one GPS unit doesn't work because you're flying upside down, the GPS unit's facing down, so you can't see the satellites. So we experimented trying to have two GPS units, one facing up, one facing down. So if you flip over, that didn't work because the downward facing one couldn't synchronize if you're flipping quickly. Morgan Quigley was exploring this crazy, complicated configuration of specialized hardware like Google, Facebook, Baidu all these large sort of companies that already have huge teams of machine learning engineers you can also do with an industry sort of more research groups that kind of like Google Research, Google Brain then you can also do like we said a professor in academia and what else oh you can build your own company you can do a startup is there anything that stands out between those options or are they all beautiful different journeys that people should consider I think the thing that affects your experience m
ight in to the battery tunnel to the city or am I going to the firehouse? And then I said, but I have no gear. I'm gonna be ineffective. How do I show up with no gear, no protection, you know? So she said, do what your dad would follow the recall, go to the firehouse. And I hung up the phone, said, I love you, gotta go. And I did, I went to the firehouse and I'm glad I listened to her. I had my father ringing in my ears. My dad, beautiful guy, he's 82. He did 34 years in the New York City Fire Department. He came down on end stage, non and he's 38 back in, going on 39, 1978. And this guy, he's my hero. He was gonna die, they sent him home. They said, there's really not much we can do. Go get your affairs in order. And he says, but doc, I have three young kids. And she called him a couple hours later. She said, I got in touch with Sloan Kettering and they have a new drug. So I'll take you to the hospital. and do the same exact reverse route and he'd get to the cancer center and my mom would meet him and he'd get his infusion and within two hours he'd be violently ill fo
 state of existence that is more fantastic than anything we could ever imagine. The striving for something more amazing. And that defies expectations that we would consider bewildering and all the things that that's, and I guess the last thing, if there's multiple meanings of life, it would be infinite games. James Kars wrote the book, Finite Games, Infinite Games. The only game to play right now is to keep playing the game. And so this goes back to the algorithm of the Lex algorithm of diet soda and brisket and pursuing the passion. What I'm suggesting is there's a moment here where we can contemplate playing infinite games. Therefore, it may make sense to err on the side of making sure one is in a situation to be playing infinite games if that opportunity arises. So the landscape of possibility is changing very, very fast and therefore our old algorithms of how we might assess risk assessment and what things we might pursue and why those assumptions may fall away very quickly. Well, I think I speak for a lot of people when I sa
ht? Yes, that's good. Thank you, thank you very much. But I was also in the Soviet Union. We didn't have any of those fun things. But you have heard about this Tamagotchi, which was, you know, really, really primitive, actually, for the time it was, and, you know, you could raise, you know, this, and kids got so attached to it and, you know, didn't want to let it die and probably, if we would have asked, you know, the children, do you think this Tamagotchi is conscious? They would have said yes. Half of them would have said yes, I would guess. I think that's kind of a beautiful thing, actually, because that consciousness, ascribing consciousness, seems to create a deeper connection. Yeah. Which is a powerful thing. But we'll have to be careful on the ethics side of that. Well, let me ask about the AGI community broadly. You kind of represent some of the most serious work on AGI, as of at least earlier, and DeepMind represents serious work on AGI these days. But why, in your sense, is the AGI community so small or has been so small until maybe DeepMind came 
ments today, as we see US sanctions taking, say, Russian reserves or Afghanistan reserves. And this is why we see China and Russia have accumulated a lot of gold over the last 10, 20 years. So just to return to the question of definitions, so what is hard money versus soft money? Yes, so hard, I mean, it's a relative thing, but the hardness refers to the difficulty of producing more units of the money supply. So an easy money would be a money that is relatively easy to make. So you can increase the supply by 10, 20, 30, 40, 50% or something like that. So pretty much all commodities, all market commodities, other than gold and silver, they're easy money and they're not suitable as a monetary medium because they're being consumed. So if you look at, and in the Bitcoin standard, I mentioned this metric called the stock to flow ratio, which is the ratio of the annual production, the flow, to the stockpile, the existing stockpile. If you look at all the other metals, they're easy money because they're being consumed. So think about how much stockpiles of copper ther
 in the sense that it feels like the full richness of the information coming from my mind is actually being recorded by the machine. I mean, I can't quite put it into words, but there is genuinely for me, there's not some kind of joke about me being a robot. It just genuinely feels like I'm being heard in a way that's going to improve my life, as long as the thing that's on the other end can do something useful with that data. But even the recording itself is like, once you record, it's like taking a picture. That moment is forever saved in time. Now, a picture cannot allow you to step back into that world, but perhaps recording your brain is a much higher resolution thing, much more personal recording of that information than a picture that would allow you to step back into that where you were in that particular moment in history and then map out a certain trajectory to tell you certain things about yourself that could open up all kinds of applications. Of course, there's health that I consider, but honestly, to me, the exciting thin
word authenticity kind of connects to all of that. So striving to be your authentic self means figuring out exactly the shape of the flaws, the character of your little demons that you get to play with and around them finding a path to whatever the hell ideal versions of yourself you can carve and pretending like that's such a thing as even possible. The other idea about Nietzsche is on his idea of morality. He presents the argument that morality is a human illusion and that there's not such a thing as good and evil, and these are all kind of constructs. Do you think there's such a thing as good and evil that's connected to some objective reality? I think that there are some, I actually do believe that there are some universals. I'm not Kantian in any way, but I do think that there are some universals. And the thing that actually brought me to even the concept of that was Jung. So Jung's concept of collective unconsciousness and then taking that thought and then applying it to looking through history and the most varied histor
n my way, I didn't like it, I could always just go back to the word processor and be fine. But that never happened. So there's a certain security that comes from knowing that it's ink on paper and there's no operating system crash or software failure that can obliterate it. It's a slower output technique. And so a sentence or a paragraph spends a longer time in the buffer up here before it gets committed to paper, whereas I can type really fast. And so I can slam things out before I've really thought them through. So I think the first draft quality ends up being higher. And then editing, first draft of editing is just faster because instead of like trying you were the person that convinced Jeff Bezos to start a spaceship company, a space company. You were there at Blue Origin for a few years in the beginning working on alternate propulsion systems and at least according to Wikipedia, alternate business models. Yeah, I mean, to go back to the first thing you said, Jeff Bezos is not a guy who required a lot of convincing. He'd been thin
, long time and some of them were pretty smart, but they were at best bird brains because birds came from the dinosaurs. And it could have stayed that way. And then the emergence of humans was very contingent and kind of a very, very recent development on evolutionary timescales. And you can argue about the level of human intelligence, but I think that's what we're talking about. It's very impressive and can ask these kinds of questions and discuss them intelligently. So I guess my, so this is a long winded answer or justification of my feeling is that the conditions for life in some form are probably satisfied many, many places around the universe and even within our galaxy. I'm not so sure about the emergence of intelligent life or the emergence of technological civilizations. That seems much more contingent and special. And we might, it's conceivable to me that we're the only example in the galaxy. Although, yeah, I don't know one way or the other. I have different opinions on different days of the week. But one of the things that w
e amount of content created by humans. So read the internet and from that be able to generate text and do all kinds of things like that. It's possible they have a big enough neural network. It's going to be able to have conversations with humans based on just reading human language. That's an interesting idea. To me, the very interesting idea that people don't think about it as AI because they're kind of dumb currently is actual embodied robots. So robotics like Boston Dynamics have downstairs and upstairs legged robots. You know, the currently Boston Dynamics robots and most legged robots, most robots period are pretty dumb. Most of the challenges have to do with the actual, first of all, the engineering of making the thing work, getting a sensor suite that allows you to do the same thing as with Magic Leap. It's like a layer of like, where am I and what am I looking at? I don't need to deeply understand my surroundings at a level beyond of what will hurt if I run into it. Yeah, yeah. But even that is hard. That's hard. But the thing tha
now, huge amounts of effort to ensure that it doesn't affect everyone. Have you thought about what it takes to rebuild a society with smaller smaller numbers like how big of a setback these kinds of things are? Yeah, so then that's something where there's real uncertainty I think where at some point you just lose genetic sufficient genetic diversity such that you can't come back. There's it's unclear how small that population is. But if you've only got say a thousand people or fewer than a thousand, then maybe that's small enough. What about human knowledge and then there's human knowledge. I mean, it's striking how short on geological timescales or evolutionary timescales the progress in or how quickly the progress in human knowledge has been like agriculture. We only invented in 10,000 BC cities were only, you know, 3000 BC whereas typical mammal species is half a million years to a million years. Do you think it's inevitable in some sense agriculture everything that came the Industrial Revolution cars planes the internet that level of innov
ntralized thing and just so that we can tell everybody what to do and we can be in charge. I mean, I know that there are people like that that exist, that they would like to do things of that nature and that they see the use of power as something to be used more for their personal gains over first, which again, self interest in human beings. But eventually a state, people want, they want something to go like, okay, who's taking care of this? And who's taking care of that? And how do we create some sort of protocol for this? Like, okay, well, when it's not Bob, when is it Susie, when is it whatever? I mean, like, how do we, it's gotta get done if we want this thing to become bigger, if we want all of our plumbing to work right, if we want, it's just, I'm sorry, a state's gonna happen. A state is also, when you think about it, it's supposed to have consideration to tribe, right? So if people think that we're not tribes, well, you're not really thinking very deeply. We're all tribes of a sort. And everybody likes to use the word tribalism in this idea of thi
this axiom gas that fills all the universe, if this fundamental theory is correct, you get just the right amount to make the dark matter that astronomers want. And it has just the right properties. So I'd love to believe that. So that might be a thing that unlocks, might be the key to understanding dark matter. Yeah, I'd like to think so. And many, many physicists are coming around to this point of view, which I've been a voice in the wilderness. I was a voice in the wilderness for a long time, but now it's become very popular, maybe even dominant. So almost like, so this axion particle slash field would be the thing that explains dark matter. It explains, yeah, would solve this fundamental question of finally, of why the laws are almost, but not quite exactly the same if you run them backwards in time. And then seemingly in a totally different conceptual universe, it would also provide, give us an understanding of the dark matter. That's not what it was designed for. And the theory wasn't proposed with that in mind, but when you work out th
. There was imperialism, colonies that even the democratic rule of law capitalist states had non democratic, non rule of law colonies under their rule. So the image and reality of capitalism during that time period between World War I and World War II was very different from how it would become later. And so in that time period, in that interwar conjuncture after World War I, before World War II, communism held some appeal inside the Soviet Union for sure, but even outside the Soviet Union because the image and reality of capitalism disappointed many people. Now, in the end, communism was significantly worse. Many more victims and the system of course would eventually implode. But nonetheless, there were real problems that communism tried to address. It didn't solve those problems. It was not a solution, but it didn't come out of nowhere. It came out of the context of that interwar period. And so Stalin's rule, some people saw it as potentially a better option than imperialism, fascism and Great Depression. Having said that, they were 
in the war? I have thought about it, yeah. And how that would make you feel? Of course, one never knows. I certainly, I have not been in combat. I haven't killed anybody. But I would imagine in the real world that it would change you utterly forever. Because you can't help but identify with the person that you've just killed. And it's another human being. And I mean, I have a hard time killing a spider. So I would imagine that it's something that warriors understand and nobody else understands. And you've spoken with many. How, I mean, you've spoken with people who've seen military combat in Israel. What, have they been able to articulate the experience of killing? It's sort of just what I said. I mean, I'm even thinking of one pilot that I interviewed over there who was strafing a tank in his Mustang and saw, at really low altitude, and saw what his bullets did to the guy and could see his face and everything like that, which is even one remove or more removes from an infantryman, what an infantryman does. And he said that same thing that I said
ore his Olympic career. So everyone knew he was the star of that team and that he was the best, but people didn't yet know he was the greatest of all time. You saw Gabe. So that was part, it's, it's funny is, uh, it feels like a small world that you would be in the same space as Dan Gabel a hundred feet away, a little dot on the mat trouncing his opponents, him and him and Chris Taylor. So the other star was this 400 pound plus guy named Chris Taylor who, uh, also went to the Olympics. So yeah, people, you know, he was, he was a no, he was a, uh, athletic hero and wrestling is there's certain States like Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Iowa, where wrestling is the sport because those are States of small towns. And so if you're a small town is if you're like Dan Gabel, uh, and you have to be on a football team with 20 other guys who are not Dan Gabel, then no matter how good you are, your team might, might suck. Uh, but if in a solo thing, you can, you can go to the Olympics. So we did a lot of wrestling in our gym classes in school and I didn't like it. And I thin
ir walk. And now I thank God for my cancer because it's made me a better human being. It's made me, I'm not gonna lie, it brought a lot of anger for a while and my family suffered it, but I really tried to go past that and heal and part of living out in the country. It's very, very healing for the mind and the soul. But I now thank God for the cancer because it humbled me. I didn't really need humbling. I wasn't an arrogant puffed up type of person at all, but maybe I was running away at myself a little bit and working on a TV show, I'm fine, man. 30 at the time, well, I was 42, I got sick. Life was cruising, man, it was great. And then all of a sudden it was like a blow out on the highway in the middle of the night and you were just veering off towards the guardrail. Yeah, you remembered, you're reminded that you're mortal and that's ultimately a connection to all the rest of us. Oh yeah, it's a good thing though, because that's the problem, I think. There's a lot of people running around and thinking they're immortal, right? You know, when you look at it, L
 the size of the market increases, I think we're gonna see the volatility decline more and more. Ultimately, if you look at gold historically, gold has been very, very stable. It did not achieve its stability because the central bank was in charge of gold supply or because there was a gold committee that decided how much gold gets produced. It achieved that stability because it became the most saleable good and so therefore became the good that contains the most cash balances in the world. And the end of the 19th century, everybody held cash balances in gold and new production was a tiny little addition to global production, to the supply. So that's what made gold the most relatively, I shouldn't say stable because nothing is stable in economics, but relatively it holds onto its value and it's much less volatile than digital currency, than national currencies. That's because it has the highest stock to flow ratio and that's because its supply is a tiny fraction of the liquid market. And as the liquid market grows, as the size of cash
y circulating because it's old now. And he goes, yeah, yeah, this is what you're in for. And I took it and I did it like it was real and I got a 99 and I was so pissed. I said, I wanna get hired. He goes, you can't, you're 14. But I just wanted to do it so bad and I just wanted to help people. I just wanted to be like my dad, he'd come home smiling as tired as he was and he fought fires in the 60s and 70s when the city was burning and he's still as exhausted as he was, he'd still be smiling. I wanted to smile at work and I used to, I got paid to laugh and joke. I got paid to cry sometimes. But man, we laughed a lot. We really, it was, the chop breaking is just, it's just unending and it's great. If you don't mind, can you tell me, you were really kind enough to give me one of these shirts with 114. Can you tell me the story of 114 and Tally Ho? I wear proudly, I served eight years in that command and I didn't finish my career there. I passed the lieutenant's test and once you do, you have to leave. The story behind Tally Ho is back in World War II, there was this gen
ne of those beautiful, brave people that take a job that really doesn't pay a lot of money. And you become a cop or a firefighter or a nurse or an EMT or a medic or a soldier or a Marine or airman, sailor. When you take these jobs, you don't do it for fanfare. You definitely don't do it for money. I mean, those 13 brave souls we lost a week or two ago in Afghanistan, they're brand new soldiers and Marines. They make $22,000 an hour, but they don't work 40 hours a week. They work 80, they work 90 hours a week. So they make it about six bucks an hour. And you know what? They sign off. And firefighters and cops and medics and EMTs, nurses, emergency room doctors, they don't really make a lot of money. I mean, they're starting salary right now for a New York cop. I was a New York cop for two years first. I made 12.25 an hour back in 1989 to get shot at during the crack wars. If you made $11 an hour with a family of four, you were entitled to welfare back then. So I was just above the welfare level, risking my life. And these are the guys that are getting ripped up now. Right? 
hat people that do science somehow have maintained something that kids always have. A small kid, eight years old or so, asks you so many questions usually, typically, that you consider them pests. You tell them to stop asking so many questions. And somehow our system manages to kill that in most people. So in school, we make people study and do their things, but not to pester them by asking too many questions. And I think, not just myself, but I think it's typical of scientists like myself that have somehow escaped that. Maybe we're still children or maybe we somehow didn't get it beaten out of us. But I teach it in college level and it's, to me, one of the biggest deficits is the lack of curiosity, if you want, that we've beaten out of them because I think it's an innate human quality. Is there some advice or insights you can give to how to keep that flame of curiosity going? I think it's a problem of both parents and that parents should realize that's a great quality we have. That you're curious and that's good. Instead, we have expressions
n a technical level because volcanoes have been doing it forever. So many times in human history, we've seen a volcanic eruption that was followed by a global cooling trend that lasted for a couple of years. And one of these things happened I think in the 60s or 70s in Indonesia and the Australians sent a plane up into the stratosphere to take some samples of the plume. And when it came back down, the windscreen of the plane had sort of a deposit on it. So one of the Australian scientists licked it and reported that it was painfully acid. So that was our first kind of clue that what was being injected into the stratosphere was sulfur dioxide. And so we know then Pinatubo came along in the 90s and did this experiment for us. So we know that sulfur in the stratosphere, it forms little spherical droplets of sulfuric acid after it combines with water and those bounce back some of the sun's rays and reduce the amount of solar energy entering the troposphere, which is where we live. So we know that it works and we also know that the s
dcasts, right, in English. The value of joining that American English language network is much higher today than it was 30 years ago, mostly because of the internet. So that makes immigration returns themselves skewed. So going to the US, Canada, or the UK, I think has become much more valuable in relative terms than, say, going to France, which is still a pretty well off, very nice country. If you had gone to France, your chance of having a globally known podcast would be much smaller. Yeah, this is the interesting thing about how much intellectual influence the United States has. I don't know if it's connected to what we're discussing here, the freedom and opportunity of the American dream, or does it make any sense to you that we have so much impact on the rest of the world in terms of ideas? Is it just simply because English is the primary language of the world, or is there something fundamental to the United States that drives the development of ideas? It's almost like what's cool, what's entertaining, what's like meme culture, the intern
abandon our conscious sense of self. And if it's that hard, the old adage in some ways, that you can't outrun your shadow. But here it's more of a philosophical question, which is about the conscious mind and what the state of consciousness actually means in a human being. So I think that that to me, you become so dislocated from so many other rational ways of waking consciousness. But one thing that won't go away, that won't get perturbed or sort of, you know, manacled, is this your sense of conscious self? Yeah, that's a strong sign that consciousness is fundamental to the human mind. Or we're just creatures of habit who gotten used to having consciousness. Maybe it just takes a lot of either chemical substances or a lot of like mental work to escape that. I mean, it's like trying to launch a rocket. You know, the energy that has to be put in to create escape velocity from the gravitational pull of this thing called planet earth is immense. Well, the same thing is true for us to abandon our sense of conscious self. The amount of biologic
the idea of consciousness. Well, I think so also. So this is where, and Nietzsche, he said a solitary creature would not need consciousness. What do you think? Well, I don't know what I think about that. And then he goes on to say that consciousness is the most calamitous stupidity by which we shall someday perish. And wow, I was like, dude. Relax. Say you were on an island alone, and you saw a reflection of yourself in the water. If you were alone your whole life. Yeah, great question. Nietzsche's view would be that your thoughts of yourself would never come to mind. I don't know how I feel about that, though. In a sense, this sounds weird, but in a sense, I feel like my mental conversation has always been with death. It's almost like another notion, like these visualizations of a death in the cloak. I always felt like I am a living thing, and then there's an other thing that is the end of me. And I'm having a conversation with that. So in a sense, that's the way I construct the fact that I am a thing is because there's somebody else that tells me
n allows me to sort of make some life choices, number one, but number two, the genes that lead to that predisposition give us insights as to how does it actually work. And that's a place where genetics gave us something totally unexpected. So there's a complement pathway, which is an immune function pathway that was in, you know, most of the loci associated with AMD. And that basically told us that, wow, there's an immune basis to this eye disorder that people had just not expected before. If you look at complement, it was recently also implicated in schizophrenia. And there's a type of microglia that is involved in synaptic pruning. So synapses are the connections between neurons. And in this whole use it or lose it view of mental cognition and other capabilities, you basically have microglia, which are immune cells that are sort of constantly traversing your brain and then pruning neuronal connections, pruning synaptic connections that are not utilized. So in schizophrenia, there's thought to be a change in the pruning that basicall
lution for him. Why not take his music to there, you know? In retrospect, it all makes perfect sense, I think. Yeah. If you pull it off, especially. Do you visualize yourself completing the work? Like, Olympic athletes visualize getting the gold medal. Do you, you know, they go through, I mean, that's actually a really, you can learn something from athletes on that, is years out, certainly two, three years out, some people do much longer, every day, you visualize how the day of the championship will go down to, I mean, everything, down to how will it feel to stand on the podium and so on. Do you do anything like that in how you approach writing? No. Because it's. It's always in the moment. Because, yeah, it is in the moment, I think. Because it's such a mystery. You just don't know. I think it's different from sports. Right. Because you don't know the destiny. There's no gold medal at the end. No. In fact, I would like to think that as soon as you finish one, the next day you're on the other. And in fact, hopefully you've already started the other. You're already, yo
 these pooled assays. The third technology is coupling CRISPR perturbations with these single cell RNA readouts. So let me make another parenthesis here to describe now single cell RNA sequencing. So what does single cell RNA sequencing mean? So RNA sequencing is what has been traditionally used, well, traditionally the last 20 years, ever since the advent of next generation sequencing. So basically before RNA expression profiling was based on these microarrays. The next technology after that was based on sequencing. So you chop up your RNA and you just sequence small molecules, just like you would sequence a genome, basically reverse transcribe the small RNAs into DNA, and you sequence that DNA in order to get the number of sequencing reads corresponding to the expression level of every gene in the genome. You now have RNA sequencing. How do you go to single cell RNA sequencing? That technology also went through stages of evolution. The first was microfluidics. You basically had these, or even chambers, you basically had these wa
at story is one that might be experienced as opposed to by hundreds of thousands of people, but instead by hundreds of millions of people? I mean, it really gives you appreciation for these virtual ways of communicating. And if anybody can do it, then it's really not such a freak story. So I think more and more people will do that. But that's turning our back on our entire history of evolution. The old days, we used to fall in love by holding hands and sitting by the fire, that kind of stuff. Here, you're playing. Actually, I have five patents on where you can hold hands, even if you're separated. Great. So the touch, the sense, it's all just senses. It's all just replicated. Yeah, I mean, touch is, it's not just that you're touching someone or not. There's a whole way of doing it, and it's very subtle. But ultimately, we can emulate all of that. Are you excited by that future? Do you worry about that future? I have certain worries about the future, but not virtual touch. Well, I agree with you. You described six stages in the evolution of information p
 we perturb one gene at a time. That's the beauty of this, the power of animal models. You can basically decouple the perturbations. You only do one perturbation and you only do strong perturbations at a time. In human, the puzzle is incredibly complex because obviously you don't do human experimentation. You wait for natural selection and natural genetic variation to basically do its own experiments, which it has been doing for hundreds and thousands of years in the human population and for hundreds of thousands of years across the history leading to the human population. So you basically take this natural genetic variation that we all carry within us. Every one of us carries 6 million perturbations. So I've done 6 million experiments on you, 6 million experiments on me, 6 million experiments on every one of 7 billion people on the planet. What's the 6 million correspond to? 6 million unique genetic variants that are segregating in the human population. Every one of us carries millions of polymorphic sites, poly, many, morph, forms. Polymo
onstant here. And if you do things in a nice way, that's very symmetric, very much suggested aesthetically by the theory. But the theory we do have, then you find that you get a field which as it evolves from the early universe, settles down to a value that's just right to make the laws very nearly exact, invariant or symmetric with respect to reversal of time. It might appear as a constant, but it's actually a field that evolved over time. It evolved over time, okay. But when you examine this proposal in detail, you find that it hasn't quite settled down to exactly zero. There it's still, the field is still moving around a little bit. And because the motion is so, the motion is so difficult. The material is so rigid. And this material, the field that fills all space is so rigid. Even small amounts of motion can involve lots of energy. And that energy takes the form of particles, fields that are in motion are always associated with particles. And those are the axioms. And if you calculate how much energy is in these residual oscillations, 
ecause no information can get out of it. There's various problems with that, but that's the idea. It's too much beyond what we can imagine. Do you think it's possible we don't notice that what the singularity actually feels like is we just live through it with exponentially increasing cognitive capabilities and we almost, because everything's moving so quickly, aren't really able to introspect that our life has changed. Yeah, but I mean, we will have that much greater capacity to understand things, so we should be able to look back. Looking at history, understand history. But we will need people, basically like you and me, to actually think about these things. But we might be distracted by all the other sources of entertainment and fun because the exponential power of intellect is growing, but also there'll be a lot of fun. The amount of ways you can have, you know. I mean, we already have a lot of fun with computer games and so on that are really quite remarkable. What do you think about the digital world, the metaverse, virtual reality? Wi
nding sources. I've noticed this, that, you know, money affects everyone's mind, I think. I've been always somebody that I believe money can't, you can't buy my opinion. I don't care how much money, billions or trillions. But that pressure is there and you have to be very cognizant of it and make sure that your opinion is not defined by the funding sources. And then the other is just your own success of, you know, for a couple of decades, publishing an idea and then realizing at some point that that idea was wrong all along. And that's a tough thing for people to do, but that's also integrity is to walk away, is to say that you were wrong. That doesn't have to be in some big dramatic way. It could be in a bunch of tiny ways along the way. Right. Like reconfigure your intuition about a particular problem. That's, and all of that is integrity. When everybody in the room, you know, believes a certain thing, everybody in the community believes a certain thing, to be able to still be open minded in the face of that. Yeah, and I think it comes down in so
n sort of giving folks who have these strong carrier mutations a chance, but if they're not even making it through the first three months, we're not going to see them. So that's why when we say what are the most important genes to focus on, the ones that have a strong effect mutation or the ones that have a weak effect mutation, well the jury might be out because the ones that have a strong effect mutation are basically not mattering as much. The ones that only have weak effect mutations by understanding through genetics that they have a weak effect mutation and understanding that they have a causal role on the disease, we can then say, okay, great, evolution has only tolerated a 2% change in that gene. Pharmaceutically I can go in and induce a 70% change in that gene and maybe I will poke another hole at the bathtub that was not easy to control in many of the other sort of strong effect genetic variants. So there's this beautiful map of across the population of things that you're saying strong and weak effects, so stuff with a lot
to work, we're still around, so. You're protected. But that's still a concern. And there are key dangerous situations that can take place in biology. Someone could create a virus that's very, I mean, we have viruses that are hard to spread, and they can be very dangerous, and we have viruses that are easy to spread, but they're not so dangerous. Somebody could create something that would be very easy to spread and very dangerous, and be very hard to stop. It could be something that would spread without people noticing, because people could get it, they'd have no symptoms, and then everybody would get it, and then symptoms would occur maybe a month later. So I mean, and that actually doesn't occur normally, because if we were to have a problem with that, we wouldn't exist. So the fact that humans exist means that we don't have viruses that can spread easily and kill us, because otherwise we wouldn't exist. Yeah, viruses don't wanna do that. They want to spread and keep the host alive somewhat. So you can describe various dangers with biology. Also n
ver it with a sheet and put a sign, please firefighter killed, do not disturb, and then we'll get to him later because obviously this operation is gonna go on for days. And my friend, who's such a great, wonderful guy, is so still to this day, filled with guilt because if they weren't taking his body out with the respect and dignity that they did, it took a while because it's a tough situation. His ladder company was coming over the bridge. There's a famous picture of Ladder 118. You see this tractor trailer fire truck. It's the one when the guy in the back also drives. And it's a zoomed out shot, and you see the Brooklyn Bridge, and you see only the fire truck in the middle, and you see the two burning towers in the distance. Well, his engine company was just ahead of them on the bridge, and the only reason that engine company lived is their initial duty assignment was to take that firefighter and bring his body over. It's like the military. We don't leave anyone behind. These are our guys. As some guys say, it's all about the guy right next to 
esian dualistic sense that most of us in the West think when that word comes to mind. And so you hear the word soul and you're like, well, all right, that's the nonphysical part of me that's potentially detachable from my corporal container when I'm no longer here. But Aristotle's who coined the word psyche, I think, he was not a dualist. He was a monist. He thought that the soul was inextricably connected to the body. And he defined soul as the essence of a natural body that is alive. And then he goes on and he says, all right, let me give you an example. If an axe was alive, the soul of an axe would be to chop. And if you can pluck your eyeball out of your head and it was still functioning, then the soul of the eyeball would be to see, you know, and then he's like, all right, the soul of a grasshopper is to hop. The soul of a woodpecker is to pack, which raises the question, of course, what is the essence of what it means to be human? And here, of course, there is no one universally accepted conception of the essence of our humanity. All rig
 moment and later the stories, you get to meet new people. It's like alcohol in this society is an incredible facilitator of that. So that's a good example of not sleeping and drinking way too much vodka. Again, it's this notion of life is to be lived to a degree. But if you do have children, I think one of the other things that then maybe comes into the picture is the fact that now there are other people that you have to live for than yourself. Yeah, but come on, like once they're old enough, like if you can't defend for yourself, you're too weak, get stronger. It's gonna be that kind of fatherhood. I got it, I'm understanding so much more about Lex Freeman than I did before. That's why you have to have for me, that would be my wife would be probably softer. It's good cop, bad cop, because I think I'm. But of course, actually, because I don't have kids, I've seen some tough dudes when they have kids become like the softies. They become like, they do everything for their kids. It's become like, it's totally transforms their life. I mean, Joe Rogan is an 
o much more caveat, because it's an actual conversation. It's more like the sort of communication that we've evolved to do, rather than these very small little snippets of ideas that, when also combined with bad incentives, just clearly aren't designed for helping us get to the truth. It's kind of interesting that it's not just the length of the podcast medium, but it's the fact that it was started by people that don't give a damn about quote unquote demand, that there's a relaxed, sort of the style that Joe Rogan does, there's a freedom to express ideas in an unconstrained way that's very real. It's kind of funny that it feels so refreshingly real to us today, and I wonder what the future looks like. It's a little bit sad now that quite a lot of sort of more popular people are getting into podcasting, and they try to sort of create, they try to control it, they try to constrain it in different kinds of ways. People I love, like Conan O Brien and so on, different comedians, and I'd love to see where the real aspects of this podcasting medium 
hysics? The most beautiful idea in physics is that we can get a compact description of the world that's very precise and very full at the level of the operating system of the world. That's an extraordinary gift. And we get worried when we find discrepancies between our description of the world and what's actually observed at the level even of a part in a billion. You actually have this quote from Einstein that the most incomprehensible thing about the universe is that it is comprehensible, something like that. Yes, so that's the most beautiful surprise that I think that really was to me the most profound result of the scientific revolution of the 17th century with the shining example of Newtonian physics that you could aspire to completeness, precision, and a concise description of the world, of the operating system. And it's gotten better and better over the years and that's the continuing miracle. Now, there are a lot of beautiful sub miracles too. The form of the equations is governed by high degrees of symmetry and they have a
upply is the most resistant to inflation. It's the first monetary asset that we've ever invented that is guaranteed to be fixed in its supply, that cannot be increased beyond a certain number. So there's only ever going to be 21 million Bitcoins. And that's a qualitative leap forward in our technologies of money. All of our monies leak, essentially, because people can always make more and more and more of them. You know, the best money is the one that leaks the least, which is gold, because it only leaks one and a half percent. In other words, your share of the gold stock is diluted by one and a half percent every year. Ideally, you'd like it to be zero. Bitcoin is currently at around 1.8% headed towards zero. So it's the first money that we've ever had that goes to zero in terms of terminal supply. So there'll never be more than 21 million Bitcoin. I think that's a huge deal because, you know, as I said earlier, money is always whatever is the hardest to make, and now Bitcoin is the hardest thing to make. And then the second property, which is extre
oncepts. I mean, it seems like through these meta learning concepts, get at the, what I think is one of the hardest and most important problems of AI, which is transfer learning. So it's generalization. How far along this journey towards building general systems are we? Being able to do transfer learning well. So there's some signs that you can generalize a little bit, but do you think we're on the right path or it's totally different breakthroughs are needed to be able to transfer knowledge between different learned models? Yeah, I'm pretty torn on this in that I think there are some very impressive. Well, there's just some very impressive results already. I mean, I would say when, even with the initial kind of big breakthrough in 2012 with AlexNet, the initial thing is okay, great. This does better on ImageNet, hence image recognition. But then immediately thereafter, there was of course the notion that, wow, what was learned on ImageNet and you now wanna solve a new task, you can fine tune AlexNet for new tasks. And that was often found to be
combines to create a mess of a day. But some of that chaos, you have to be okay with it, but some of it I wish was a little bit more optimal. And your ideas about eating in the morning are quite interesting as an experiment to try. Can you elaborate, are you eating once a day? Yes. In the morning and that's it. Can you maybe speak to how that, you spoke, it's funny, you spoke about the metrics of sleep, but you're also, you run a business, you're incredibly intelligent, mostly your happiness and success relies on you thinking clearly. So how does that affect your mind and your body in terms of performance? So not just sleep, but actual mental performance. As you were explaining your objective function of, for example, in the criteria you were including, you like certain neurochemical states, like you like feeling like you're living life, that life has enjoyment, that sometimes you want to disregard certain rules to have a moment of passion, of focus. There's this architecture of the way Lex is, which makes you happy as a story you tell, as some
sically waiting to tell you about your future? Or is there choice? How many possible futures are there? How many possible ideas are there? That's a great question. I think there's basically, yes, there are alternatives, you know, degrees within it. But if you look at Bruce Springsteen's albums, how much could he have done really differently? Yeah, he would, you can just see there's a whole impetus going through the whole thing. And nothing was going to shake him off that, you know? And yeah, maybe the river could have been different, could have been called something else, but he was dealing with certain issues. His conscious self was dealing with certain issues that were really out of his control. He was drawn, he was called to it, right? Nothing could stop him. And so it is sort of a partnership, I think, the creative process, between the creative impulse that's coming from some other place, or it's coming from deep within us is another way to look at it. You know, it's like if we are acorns and we're growing into oaks. So the conscious artist, who's
rd on temporal and spatial salability to explain why reports of the death of the dollar and the emergence of a new gold standard may be exaggerated. So I would love to get your analysis on this situation. What are the fundamentals of it? What is SWIFT? What are the possible future evolutions of the global monetary system? Yeah, so SWIFT is the network that the US Federal Reserve uses for moving money around the world. So basically the US government can sanction you off of SWIFT as they've done with Russian banks, as they've done with Iran, and as they've done with Afghanistan. So effectively, I mean, this is really the catastrophe of the current monetary system is that in order to be able to trade as a member, as a citizen of your country, you need your monopoly local central bank to be on good terms with the US government so that they would let them operate. And this is really like on top of the aspect of the hardness of money, this is the other really powerful thing about Bitcoin, which is that it's just purely a technological 
aunch nuclear weapons warheads and yet we have not launched them ever since the initial launch on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. I think it's a mix of luck. So I think it's definitely not inevitable that we haven't used them. So John F. Kennedy, general Cuban Missile Crisis put the estimate of nuclear exchange between the US and USSR that somewhere between one and three and even so, you know, we really did come close. At the same time, I do think mutually assured destruction is a reason why people don't go to war. It would be, you know, why nuclear powers don't go to war. Do you think that holds if you can linger on that for a second, like my dad is a physicist amongst other things and he believes that nuclear weapons are actually just really hard to build which is one of the really big benefits of them currently so that you don't have it's very hard if you're crazy to build to acquire a nuclear weapon. So the mutually shared destruction really works when you talk seems to work better when it's nation states, when it's serious people, even if
age and it means with some interpretation of that's it, that's the right thing to do. Yeah, Huayrica. Oh, so it's almost like destined somehow. It came to you in a dream. And similar, there's a Chinese word, Aixi, also written like Aixi, if you transcribe that to Pinyin. And the final one is that it's AI crossed with induction because that is, and that's going more to the content now. So good old fashioned AI is more about planning and known deterministic world and induction is more about often IID data and inferring models. And essentially what this Aixi model does is combining these two. And I actually also recently, I think heard that in Japanese AI means love. So if you can combine XI somehow with that, I think we can, there might be some interesting ideas there. So Aixi, let's then take the next step. Can you maybe talk at the big level of what is this mathematical framework? Yeah, so it consists essentially of two parts. One is the learning and induction and prediction part. And the other one is the planning part. So let's come first to t
an dream is mostly still there. If you look at which groups are the highest earners, it is individuals from India and individuals from Iran, which is a fairly new development. Great for them, not necessarily easy. Both you could call persons of color, may have faced discrimination, also on the grounds of religion, yet they've done it. That's amazing. It says great things about America. Now, if you look at native born Americans, the story's trickier. People think intergenerational mobility has declined a lot recently, but it has not for native born Americans. For about, I think, 40 years, it's been fairly constant, which is sort of good, but compared to much earlier times, it was much higher in the past. I'm not sure we can replicate that, because look, go to the beginning of the 20th century, very few Americans finish high school, or even have much wealth. There's not much credentialism. There aren't that many credentials. So there's more upward mobility across the generations than today. And it's a good thing that we had it. I'm not sure we should blame 
. Okay. And now, why did I have a problem? I know now in reflection, because I still read a lot, and I read that novel after I was 30 or 40 years old, and the problem was simple. I diagnosed what the problem was. That novel, in contrast to the Russian novels, which are very realistic and point of view, is one huge metaphor. At 15 years old, I probably didn't know the word, and I certainly didn't know the meaning of metaphor. Yeah, like, why do I care about a fish? Why are you telling me all about this fish? Exactly. It's one big metaphor. So, reading it later as a metaphor, I could really enjoy it. But the teacher gave me the wrong book, or maybe it was the right book because I went into physics. But it was truly, I think, I may oversimplify, but it was really that I was too young to read that book. Not too young to read the Russian novels, interestingly, but too young to read that because I probably didn't even know the word, and I certainly didn't understand it as a metaphor. Well, in terms of fish, I recommend people read Old Man and the Sea, much shorte
 6% chance. I'm an average. By the way, when you say my, you mean literally yours. You know this about you. I know this about me. Which is kind of, I mean philosophically speaking is a pretty powerful thing to live with. Maybe that's, so we agreed to talk again by the way for the listeners to where we're going to try to focus on science today and a little bit of philosophy next time. But it's interesting to think about the more you're able to know about yourself from the genetic information in terms of the diseases, how that changes your own view of life. So there's a lot of impact there and there's something called genetics exceptionalism, which basically thinks of genetics as something very, very different than everything else as a type of determinism. And you know, let's talk about that next time. So basically. That's a good preview. Yeah. So let's go back to AMD. So basically with AMD, we have no idea what causes AMD. You know, it was, it was a mystery until the genetics were worked out. And now the fact that I know that I have a predispositio
ognize a pattern is the correct number, is the right number you'd wanna use. And by the way, that matches biology. We can show mathematically some of these concepts about the show why the brain is so robust to noise and error and fallout and so on. We can show that mathematically as well as empirically in simulations. But the system can't be analyzed completely. Any complex system can't, and so that's out of the realm. But there is mathematical benefits and intuitions that can be derived from mathematics. And we try to do that as well. Most of our papers have a section about that. So I think it's refreshing and useful for me to be talking to you about deep neural networks, because your intuition basically says that we can't achieve anything like intelligence with artificial neural networks. Well, not in the current form. Not in the current form. I'm sure we can do it in the ultimate form, sure. So let me dig into it and see what your thoughts are there a little bit. So I'm not sure if you read this little blog post called Bitter Lesson 
d you've written that beast off, if that makes any sense. Yeah, and the enemy, I mean, as Jaco explains, the enemy in Iraq and just certain parts of the Middle East is essentially terrorists who don't value the lives of the civilians of their own country. They don't. And so it becomes like this weird guerrilla warfare slash game of violence that ultimately allows them to gain more power within their country, but they don't care if they're playing with civilian lives as pawns. If you have a child who dies that's a civilian in their country, that could be seen as a positive for them because they can use that to leverage for more and more power within that country. So when you're fighting an enemy like that, that's a vicious, that's an evil enemy. Absolutely. It's like snakes are beautiful, but if you go pet a rattler, you're getting bit and you're getting dead, right? And that's with terrorists, you've got to cut the head of the snake off. And I feel, no, don't commit our guys to be there anymore. But what we need to do is go with tech warfare. If we 
e Higgs boson. And so it was discovered, but since that time, and I worked on those experiments since that time, they haven't been able to progress very much further, a little bit, but not a lot further. And the difference is that we're really lucky we're in what we're doing in that there you see this Higgs boson, but there's tremendous amount of other physics that goes on and you have to pick out the needle in the haystack of physics. You can't make the physics go away, it's there. In our case, we have a very weak signal, but once we get good enough to see it, it's weak compared to where we've reduced the background, but the background is not physics, it's just technology. It's getting ourselves better isolated from the Earth or getting a more powerful laser. And so since 2015, when we saw the first one, we continually can make improvements that are enabling us to turn this into a real science to do astronomy, a new kind of astronomy. It's a little like astronomy. Galileo started the field. He basically took lenses that were made for classes and h
 just this weird constraint in terms of our brain size and skull and lifespan and senses? It's just the weird little quirk of evolution. And if we just open that up, like add much more senses, add much more computational power, the intelligence will expand exponentially. Do you have a sense about constraints, the relationship of evolution and computation to the constraints of the environment? Well, at first I'd like to comment on that, like changing the inputs to human brain. And flexibility of the brain. I think there's a lot of that. There are experiments that are done in animals like Mikangazuru at MIT, switching the auditory and visual information and going to the wrong part of the cortex. And the animal was still able to hear and perceive the visual environment. And there are kids that are born with severe disorders and sometimes they have to remove half of the brain, like one half, and they still grow up. They have the functions migrate to the other parts. There's a lot of flexibility like that. So I think it's quite possible to
gy and... And information processing. Processing, what you mean, how should I... I think human bodies are not well adapted to space. Even Mars, which is the closest thing to a kind of human environment that we're gonna find anywhere close by. Very, very difficult to maintain humans on Mars. And it's gonna be very expensive and very unstable. But I think, however, if we take a broader view of what it means to bring human civilization outside of the Earth, if we're satisfied with sending mines out there that we can converse with and actuators that we can manipulate and sensors that we can get feedback from, I think that's where it's at. And I think that's so much more realistic. And I think that's the long term future of space exploration. It's not hauling human bodies all over the place. That's just silly. It's possible that human bodies... So like you said, it's a biology problem. What's possible is that we extend human life span in some way, we have to look at a bigger picture. It could be just like you're saying, by sending robots with actuators and k
arvin Minsky, said, well, consciousness is not logical, it's not scientific, and therefore we should dismiss it, and any talk about consciousness is just not to be believed. But when he actually engaged with somebody who was conscious, he actually acted as if they were conscious. He didn't ignore that. He acted as if consciousness does matter. Exactly. Whereas he said it didn't matter. Well, that's Marvin Minsky. Yeah. He's full of contradictions. But that's true of a lot of people as well. But to you, consciousness matters. But to me, it's very important. But I would say it's not a scientific issue. It's a philosophical issue. And people have different views. Some people believe that anything that makes a decision is conscious. So your light switch is conscious. Its level of consciousness is low, not very interesting, but that's a consciousness. So a computer that makes a more interesting decision is still not at human levels, but it's also conscious and at a higher level than your light switch. So that's one view. There's many different views of what c
e on this journey. As usual, I'll do a few minutes of ads now and no ads in the middle that can break the flow of the conversation. Click on the links, buy all of the stuff. It's the best way to support this podcast. This episode is supported by the Jordan Harbinger Show. Go to jordanharbinger.com slash Lex. It's how he knows I sent you. On that page, there's links to subscribe to it on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and everywhere else. I've been binging on this podcast. Jordan is a great human being. He gets the best out of his guests, dives deep, calls them out when it's needed, and makes the whole thing fun to listen to. He's interviewed Kobe Bryant, Mark Cuban, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Gary Kasparov, and many more. I just finished listening to his recent conversation with Mick West about debunking conspiracy theories. This topic can be both fascinating and frustrating on both sides, but in this conversation, Jordan thread the needle beautifully, and so it turned out to be a great listen. I highly recommend it. Again, go to jordanharbinger.com slash Lex. 
s that an editor does rather than what a writer does. The gentleman I was just talking to on the phone is my editor, Sean Coyne, who was the guy who bought Gates of Fire when he was an editor at Doubleday. And who basically when I finish a book, I give it to him. And he gives me, you know, editing doesn't really mean like crossing out commas. It really means looking at the overall work and saying, does it work? And if it doesn't work, why doesn't it work? Is there something wrong here? You know, like if you were building the Golden Gate Bridge, you know, and one span was out of whack, you know, you could, and I think a really skilled editor, which Sean is, understands what makes a story tick. And he also has the perspective that I've lost in something I've wrote, cause I'm so close to it, to say, you know, this isn't working and that is working. What kind of advice has he given you? Is it like layout? Like this story doesn't flow correctly. Like you shouldn't start at this point. Or does he even sit back at a higher level and say, I see what you're do
 I thought. Okay, so what else is there interesting that you could say while it's on our heads? I can keep this on the whole time. This is kind of awesome. And it's amazing for me, as a fan of Ubuntu, I use Ubuntu MATE, you guys use that too. But it's amazing to have code running to the side, measuring stuff and collecting data. I mean, I feel like much more important now that my data is being recorded. Like, you know when you have a good friend that listens to you, that actually is listening to you? This is what I feel like, like a much better friend because it's like accurately listening to me, Ubuntu. What a cool perspective, I hadn't thought about that, of feeling understood. Heard. Yeah, heard deeply by the mechanical system that is recording your brain activity, versus the human that you're engaging with, that your mind immediately goes to that there's this dimensionality and depth of understanding of this software system which you're intimately familiar with. And now you're able to communicate with this system in ways that you couldn't be
de the black hole and everything that happened at the moment of the Big Bang does that still give us the key to understanding the human mind and the emergence of all the beautiful complexity we see around us? That's not like when I see these objects like I don't know if you've seen them like cellular automata all these kinds of objects where the from simple rules emerges complexity, it makes you wonder maybe it's not reducible to simple beautiful equations the whole thing only parts of it. That's the tension I was getting at with the hope. Well, when we say the universe is comprehensible we have to kind of draw careful distinctions about or definitions about what we mean by that. Both the universe and the kind of and the comprehensive. Exactly, right so the so in certain areas of understanding reality we've made extraordinary progress I would say in understanding fundamental physical processes and getting very precise equations that really work and allow us to do the profound sculpting of matter to make computers and iPhon
nal resources, first one 50%, second one half resources and so on and let them run, wait until they halt, give an output, compare it to your data and if some of these programs produce the correct data, then you stop and then you have already some program. It may be a long program because it's faster and then you continue and you get shorter and shorter programs until you eventually find the shortest program. The interesting thing, you can never know whether it's the shortest program because there could be an even shorter program which is just even slower and you just have to wait here. But asymptotically and actually after a finite time, you have the shortest program. So this is a theoretical but completely impractical way of finding the underlying structure in every data set and that is what Solomov induction does and Kolmogorov complexity. In practice, of course, we have to approach the problem more intelligently. And then if you take resource limitations into account, there's, for instance, a field of pseudo random numbers and the
u can choose, there are a lot of Bitcoiners that don't act like this. You can just unfollow the ones that you don't like. Since in the past year, man, time flies. I've met a lot of them and I enjoy them a lot. And you build that community of people that you enjoy. There are less that communicate in the way you enjoy. And it's becoming me at this point that I block with love, I think. Yes. Because I did not. I block very prolifically and I strongly recommend people continue to block. I think Twitter is, you know, you're not gonna get to interact with 300 million accounts anyway. So you wanna be constantly curating the experience by getting rid of people you don't like and following people that you like. And that's just how, you know, after 10 years of using Twitter, you know, you get, you accumulate the block list, which is very big, which I'm very happy for. I'm gonna pass on to my children. That's, on your deathbed, the grandchildren will gather around and your grandfather can finally share the full list. Yeah. So like, again, it's just a Twitter account. I
 interesting trajectories you see for the proliferation of virtual reality or mixed reality in the next few years? Yeah, so I was at Magic Leap for, what, five years. With the best title of all time. Oh, thanks. Chief Futurist? Yeah. Yeah. And so I sort of had a little squad of people in Seattle doing what you might call content R&D, so we're trying to make content for AR, but because it's such a new medium, it's more of an engineering R&D project almost than a creative project. So it was fascinating to see everything that goes into making an AR system that runs. So AR, an AR device, if it's really gonna do AR, needs to be running Slam in real time. And that alone is a big... So for people who don't know, first of all, virtual reality is creating an almost fully artificial world and putting you inside it. Augmented reality, AR, is taking the real world and putting stuff on top of that real world, and when you say Slam, that means in real time, the device needs to be able to sense, accurately detect everything about that world sufficiently to be ab
define it or whatever, if you want to stick me under in a psychologist chair, but like I don't, there's a part of me that can just like, no, if I'm gonna apply, I can apply violence to any level and be okay with it. And it doesn't, I don't lose sleep. It doesn't bother me. It's not a problem. It was me learning how to fully understand violence, humans, and the broader perspective that allowed me to think about things and like, well, what do I really want to accomplish with my actions in the world just on a whole? You know, not compartmentalizing my sporting career. Even when I get in the ring, I don't have any mercy generally. And if I do, it's because I make a really deliberate attempt to be in a state where I can have mercy. If I just go in there to fight with everything I got, there is zero mercy. The natural state of violence. There's nothing, there's nothing that will hold me back other than the referee and that's that. You know, I know I agreed to be allowed to do and not to do, but within that, no. And I expect it to be done to me. But in terms 
with AlphaGo and then came AlphaZero a year later. That was truly amazing. So reinforcement learning algorithm, which is able just by self play, to play chess and then also Go. And I mean, yes, they're both games, but they're quite different games. And you didn't don't feed them the rules of the game. And the most remarkable thing, which is still a mystery to me, that usually for any decent chess program, I don't know much about Go, you need opening books and end game tables and so on too. And nothing in there, nothing was put in there. Especially with AlphaZero, the self playing mechanism starting from scratch, being able to learn actually new strategies is... Yeah, it rediscovered all these famous openings within four hours by itself. What I was really happy about, I'm a terrible chess player, but I like Queen Gumby. And AlphaZero figured out that this is the best opening. Finally, somebody proved you correct. So yes, to answer your question, yes, I believe that general intelligence is possible. And it also, I mean, it depends how you define it. Do 
eep learning. I find that my teams use a portfolio of tools. And maybe that's not the exciting thing to say, but some days we use a neural net, some days we use a PCA. Actually, the other day, I was sitting down with my team looking at PCA residuals, trying to figure out what's going on with PCA applied to manufacturing problem. And some days we use a probabilistic graphical model, some days we use a knowledge draft, which is one of the things that has tremendous industry impact. But the amount of chatter about knowledge drafts in academia is really thin compared to the actual real world impact. So I think reinforcement learning should be in that portfolio. And then it's about balancing how much we teach all of these things. And the world should have diverse skills. It'd be sad if everyone just learned one narrow thing. Yeah, the diverse skill help you discover the right tool for the job. What is the most beautiful, surprising or inspiring idea in deep learning to you? Something that captivated your imagination. Is it the scale that c
t could have probably gone better, but it was still magical to have these people that obviously had a bunch of tension throughout their history. It's so frictionless to have two major figures in world history just jump on a Clubhouse stage. Putin and Elon Musk. Putin and Elon Musk. And that's exactly it. So there's a language barrier there. There's also the problem that in particular, it's like Biden would have a similar problem. It's like they're just not into a new technology. So it's very hard to catch the Kremlin up to, first of all, Twitter, but to catch them up to Clubhouse, you have to have the, Elon Musk has a sense of the internet, the humor, the memes, and all that kind of stuff that you have to have in order to use a new app and figure out the timing, the beat, what is this thing about? So that's the challenge there. But that's exactly it. That magic of have two big personalities just show up. And I wonder if it's just the temporary thing that we're going through with the pandemic where people are just lonely and they're seeking for t
ay where we're safe, meaning like, this is the kind of proposition, I had the discussion with my dad as a physicist about this, where he thinks that like if you have a graph, like evil people can't also be geniuses. So this is his defense why evil people will not get control of nuclear weapons, because to be truly evil. But evil meaning sort of, you can argue that, not even the evil of Hitler we're talking about, because Hitler had a kind of view of Germany and all those kinds of, there's like, he probably deluded himself and the people around him to think that he's actually doing good for the world, similar with Stalin and so on. By evil, I mean more like almost like terrorists to where they wanna destroy themselves and the world. Like those people will never be able to be actually skilled enough to do, to deliver that kind of mass scale destruction. So the hope is that it's very unlikely that the kind of evil that would lead to extinctions of humans or mass destruction is so unlikely that we're able to last way longer than some 100, 800 ye
t that low ass level, you know. Yeah. But, you know, the angel side is more like the athletic, the sport, the science, the technical, the chess side of things. So, but on the library, Alexander, let me ask, because you were on Joe Rogan, it does make me really sad. And I realize that I'm just probably being romantic that his, most of his library of interviews that were on YouTube have now been taken down because he went to Spotify. And that was the first, I'm probably an idiot, but it was the first time I realized that this knowledge that we've been building up on the internet doesn't necessarily last forever. No, it doesn't, unless you preserve it. I mean, it's like all things. If you do not preserve them, if you do not make efforts, you know, so many of my, it just really brings the minor off the top of my head. All my, so many friends of mine that are Jewish, you know, they're basically secular. But yet through even the secular aspect of just keeping the traditions alive, it's like, well, you could always pick a book and read about it. Clearly, it's call
 that there are certain kinds of matter would be able to classify as conscious, meaning like, so there's the panpsychists, right, who are the philosophers who kind of try to imply that all matter has some degree of consciousness, and you can almost construct like a physics of consciousness. Do you, again, we're in such early days of this, but nevertheless, it seems useful to talk about it. Is there some sense from a physics perspective to make sense of consciousness? Is there some hope? Well, again, consciousness is a very imprecise word and loaded with connotations that I think we should, we don't wanna start a scientific analysis with that, I don't think. It's often been important in science to start with simple cases and work up. Consciousness, I think what most people think of when you talk about consciousness is, okay, what am I doing in the world? This is my experience. I have a rich inner life and experience, and where is that in the equations? And I think that's a great question, a great, great question, and actually, I think I'm gearing
ociety is to elevate the good ones. That's it and that has to do with the ideals that we elevate. There are a number of conspiracy theories around the events of 9 11. Do any of these hold true to you or do they just frustrate you, even anger you? I've been asked this by a few different people in my life. This is my take on it, right? You're a man of science and a man of education. So you... Allegedly. Allegedly, but yes, but you're a very, very intelligent man. And what I believe took place is this. Structural steel will fail at a sustained temperature of 1500 degrees Fahrenheit. And I don't know exactly how long that would have to be sustained, but that's the temp, right? Diesel fuel, kerosene fuel, kerosene based jet fuel, which was the ignition there burns at 2200 degrees Fahrenheit. So that continued burning of that diesel, that jet fuel, but kerosene based, it's all kind of similar exceeded the temperature needed for that steel in the structural members of the trade center to fail. In my heart of hearts, I would hate to ever think that somebody affilia
ink that would be the goal. And that's the connection we have with loved ones. It's not really based on very strict definition of truth. It's more about the experiences we share. And they get morphed through memory. But ultimately, they make us smile. I think we definitely can do that. And that would be very worthwhile. So do you think we'll have a world of replicants? Of copies? There'll be a bunch of Ray Kurzweils. Like, I could hang out with one. I can download it for five bucks and have a best friend, Ray. And you, the original copy, wouldn't even know about it. Is that, do you think that world is, first of all, do you think that world is feasible? And do you think there's ethical challenges there? Like, how would you feel about me hanging out with Ray Kurzweil and you not knowing about it? It doesn't strike me as a problem. Which you, the original? Would you strike, would that cause a problem for you? No, I would really very much enjoy it. No, not just hang out with me, but if somebody hang out with you, a replicant of you. Well, I think I would sta
you want to do anything special or interesting, you don't want to be doing in one particular avenue what normal people do, because that won't be interesting. Russians, I think fit in very well here because the ones who come are weirdos. And there's a very different Russian weirdo tradition like Alyosha, right? And by this card, I miss off. Or Perelman, the mathematician, they're weirdos. And they have their own different kind of status in Soviet Union, Russia, wherever. And when Russians come to America, they stay pretty Russian, but it seems to me a week later, they've somehow adjusted. And the ways in which they might want to be like grumpier than Americans, not smile, think that people who smile are idiots, like they can do that. No one takes that away from them. What are you, on a tiny tangent, I'd love to hear if you have thoughts about Grisha Perelman turning down the Fields Medal. Is that something you admire? Does that make sense to you that somebody, you know, with the structure of Nobel Prizes, of these huge awards, of the reputations, t
at I like about. He wrote a book in Lyonsburg, Ohio. And now I'm going to forget what he said on his tombstone. But, you know, it was something to the effect. Oh, he said life, not death is the great adventure. The point being is that, you know, to consider that we must die and the existential implications of that, really, the goal, the way I see it is getting from hate to love. And I feel like Heidegger has a way of thinking about things that moves us more in that direction. And so that's kind of my current preoccupation is to take what I just said to you and to talk about it with my colleagues and other academic psychologists, because the way we started with Ernest Becker, remember I said earlier, I wasn't trained in any of these things. I'm an egghead researcher that was doing experiments about biofeedback. And, you know, then we read these Becker books, and I thought they were so interesting that for the first few years, we didn't have any studies. I just would travel around and I'd be like, here's what this Becker guy says. I think this is
that I think is meaningful that I think is stealing humanity in a positive direction. That's extremely rewarding. And so yeah, I mean despite my best attempts at sacrifice. Um, I don't you know, I think I've actually ended up happier as a result of engaging in effective altruism than I would have done. That's such an interesting idea. Yeah, so let's let's talk about animal welfare. Sure, easy question. What is consciousness? Yeah, especially as it has to do with the capacity to suffer. I think there seems to be a connection between how conscious something is the amount of consciousness and stability to suffer and that all comes into play about us thinking how much suffering there's in the world with regard to animals. So how do you think about animal welfare and consciousness? Okay. Well consciousness easy question. Okay. Um, yeah, I mean, I think we don't have a good understanding of consciousness. My best guess is it's got and by consciousness. I'm meaning what it is feels like to be you the subjective experience that's seems to be different 
ce that light can travel in 13.8 billion years. So it's 13.8 billion light years. That's how far you can see out. That's how far signals can reach us. And that is a big distance. That is a big distance because compared to that, the Earth is a fraction of a light second. So again, it's really, really big. And so if we wanna think about the universe as a whole in space and time, we really need a different kind of imagination. It's not something you can grasp in terms of psychological time in a useful way. You have to think, you have to use exponential notation and abstract concepts to really get any hold on these vast times and spaces. On the other hand, let me hasten to add that that doesn't make us small or make the time that we have to us small. Because again, looking at those pictures of what our minds are and some of the components of our minds, these beautiful drawings of the cellular patterns inside the brain, you see that there are many, many, many processing units. And if you analyze how fast they operate, I tried to estimate how many thou
write for an audience of one, such as if I send you an email or you send me an email. I think in computing, we're still in that phase where so few people know how to code that the coders mostly have to code for relatively large audiences. But if everyone, or most people became developers at some level, similar to how most people in developed economies are somewhat literate, I would love to see the owners of a mom and pop store be able to write a little bit of code to customize the TV display for their special this week. And I think it will enhance human to computer communications, which is becoming more and more important today as well. So you think it's possible that machine learning becomes kind of similar to literacy, where like you said, the owners of a mom and pop shop, is basically everybody in all walks of life would have some degree of programming capability? I could see society getting there. There's one other interesting thing. If I go talk to the mom and pop store, if I talk to a lot of people in their daily professio
ere's some influence, which is lacking otherwise. And people pay attention to what I say. If I talk about global warming, they wouldn't have before I had the Nobel prize. Yeah, this is very true. You're like the celebrities who talk. Celebrity has power. Celebrity has power. And that's a good thing. That's a good thing. Singling out people, I mean, on the other side of it, singling out people has all kinds of, whether it's for Academy Awards or for this, have unfairness and arbitrariness and so forth and so on. So that's the other side of the coin. Just like you said, especially with the huge experimental projects like this, you know, it's a large team and it does the nature of the Nobel prizes. It singles out a few individuals to represent the team. Yeah. Nevertheless, it's a beautiful thing. What are ways to improve LIGO in the future, increase the sensitivity? I've seen a few ideas that are kind of fascinating. Are you interested in them? I'm not speaking about five years. Perhaps you could speak to the next five years, but also the next hundred yea
e. I mean, you know what people will say, which is the same argument that has been leveled against space exploration since the Apollo program, which is why don't we solve our problems here on Earth before we spend money going into space. So I've never been a believer in that argument. I think there could be a sense in which the new perspective that could be obtained by thinking about like if we're thinking about terraforming Mars, changing its atmosphere, making it more amenable to life and survival. You could see that maybe changing people's opinions about terraforming the Earth. There are some dangerous consequences to this particular idea of blasting software of geoengineering. What do you make of sort of big, bold ideas that are a double edged sword? Are all ideas like this, all big ideas like this, they have the potential to have highly beneficial consequences and a potential to have highly destructive consequences? I wouldn't say all. I think, you know, going back to what we were talking about earlier, how technology developed 
nd now the question is, a model has to be presented in a certain language, in which language do we use? In science, we want formal languages, and we can use mathematics, or we can use programs on a computer. So abstractly on a Turing machine, for instance, or it can be a general purpose computer. So, and there are of course, lots of models of, you can say maybe it's 100 ones and then 100 zeros and 100 ones, that's a model, right? But there are simpler models, there's a model print one loop, and it also explains the data. And if you push that to the extreme, you are looking for the shortest program, which if you run this program reproduces the data you have, it will not stop, it will continue naturally. And this you take for your prediction. And on the sequence of ones, it's very plausible, right? That print one loop is the shortest program. We can give some more complex examples like one, two, three, four, five. What comes next? The short program is again, you know, counter, and so that is roughly speaking how solomotive induction works. The extra twist is tha
d things and you just gave it a starting point. So in that sense, I think it's, that may be part of the joy actually. But you mentioned creativity in this context, especially in the context of evolutionary computation. So, we don't often think of algorithms as creative. So how do you think about creativity? Yeah, algorithms absolutely can be creative. They can come up with solutions that you don't think about. I mean, creativity can be defined. A couple of requirements has to be new. It has to be useful and it has to be surprising. And those certainly are true with, say, evolutionary computation discovering solutions. So maybe an example, for instance, we did this collaboration with MIT Media Lab, Caleb Harbus Lab, where they had a hydroponic food computer, they called it, environment that was completely computer controlled, nutrients, water, light, temperature, everything is controlled. Now, what do you do if you can control everything? Farmers know a lot about how to make plants grow in their own patch of land. But if you can control everythin
scuss that later after I've explained the IXE model. That's an interesting variation. But that is a really interesting variation, and a quick comment. I don't know if you want to insert that in here, but you're looking at the, in terms of observations, you're looking at the entire, the big history, the long history of the observations. Exactly. That's very important. The whole history from birth sort of of the agent, and we can come back to that. And also why this is important. Often, you know, in RL, you have MDPs, micro decision processes, which are much more limiting. Okay. So now we can predict conditioned on actions. So even if you influence environment, but prediction is not all we want to do, right? We also want to act really in the world. And the question is how to choose the actions. And we don't want to greedily choose the actions, you know, just, you know, what is best in the next time step. And we first, I should say, you know, what is, you know, how do we measure performance? So we measure performance by giving the agent reward. That's the so 
aid, excuse me, sir, I said, how dare you assume that I'm abusing alcohol because alcohol abuse sometimes will present itself as the spleen is engorged and having an issue. So he automatically just assumed that that was my situation, wouldn't even give me an exam and I was horrified. I was so angry, I mean, I wanted to punch this guy out and I literally was screaming at him and an executive officer came in to diffuse it and sent me to another doctor and when I showed her my paperwork, she was horrified. She was like, what did he say? And she said, oh, okay, go to your regular doctor tomorrow who was one of the department doctors and it was just an indifference. It was like, I don't know, I was shocked at the lack of compassion but you know what, that being said, I'm past it, life moves on. The team of doctors, I ended up with a Methodist and my subsequent oncologist, Dr. Peter Menzel, world class, just incredible human being. My Dr. Pete is just, I love him. I just, I love him like a friend, like a big brother, like a father, like my primary oncolo
 want to explore to see what the landscape is and what, and gather data. But then at some point you want to use that, make, decide, make choices and say, this is what I'm going to do and exploit the knowledge you've accumulated. And the longer the period of exploitation you anticipate, the more exploration you should do in new directions. And so for me, I've had to sort of adjust the balance of exploration and exploitation and. That's it, you've explored quite a lot. Yeah, well, I haven't shut off the exploitation at all. I'm still hoping for. The exploration. The exploration, right. I'm still hoping for 10 or 15 years of top flight performance. But the, several years ago now when I was 50 years old, I was at the Institute for Advanced Study and my office was right under Freeman Dyson's office and we were kind of friendly. And, you know, he found out it was my 50th birthday and said, congratulations. And you should feel liberated because no one expects much of a 50 year old theoretical physicist. And he, and he obviously had felt liberated by reaching a cer
I think it's unlikely to happen anytime soon. Well, it's interesting and it's weird now that you bring it up that it's unlikely. For example, I pay I think 10 bucks a month for YouTube Red and I don't think I get it much for that except just for no ads, but in general it's just a slightly better experience. And I would gladly, now I'm not wealthy, in fact I'm operating very close to zero dollars, but I would pay 10 bucks a month to Facebook and 10 bucks a month to Twitter for some kind of more control in terms of advertisements and so on. But the other aspect of that is data, personal data. People are really sensitive about this and I as one who hopes to one day create a company that may use people's data to do good for the world, wonder about this. One, the psychology of why people are so paranoid. Well, I understand why, but they seem to be more paranoid than is justified at times. And the other is how do you do it right? So it seems that Facebook is, it seems that Facebook is doing it wrong. That's certainly the popular narrative. It's unclear t
d the idea is that science would be able to do that much better, actually. Yeah, so I mean, I do spend a lot of time just tinkering with my own body to keep it going. So I do think I'll last till the end of this decade, and I think we'll achieve longevity, escape velocity. I think that we'll start with people who are very diligent about this. Eventually, it'll become sort of routine that people will be able to do it. So if you're talking about kids today, or even people in their 20s or 30s, that's really not a very serious problem. I have had some discussions with relatives who are like almost 100, and saying, well, we're working on it as quickly as possible. I don't know if that's gonna work. Is there a case, this is a difficult question, but is there a case to be made against living forever that a finite life, that mortality is a feature, not a bug, that living a shorter, so dying makes ice cream taste delicious, makes life intensely beautiful more than it otherwise might be? Most people believe that way, except if you present a death of anybody they
o. It's kind of fascinating to think about that. You don't, it's very true that you don't know both paths are very promising. And it's like 50 years from now we will look back and maybe not even remember one of them. And the other one might change the world. It's so cool how technology is. I mean, that's what entrepreneurship is, is like, it's the zero principle. It's like you're marching ahead into the darkness, into the fog, not knowing. It's wonderful to have someone else out there with us doing this. Because if you look at brain interfaces, anything that's off the shelf right now is inadequate. It's had its run for a couple of decades. It's still in hacker communities. It hasn't gone to the mainstream. The room size machines are on their own path. But there is no answer right now of bringing brain interfaces mainstream. And so it both, you know, both they and us, we've both spent over a hundred million dollars. And that's kind of what it takes to have a go at this. Cause you need to build full stack. I mean, at Kernel, we are from the photon and the ato
etty damn good for like 90% of people. But I don't think we need to take necessarily quite that approach. I think what we could do in some clever fashion is using the individual. So what you and I are perhaps suggesting here is that there is an array of features that we know provide information that is sensitive to whether or not you're falling asleep at the wheel. Some of those, let's say that there are 10 of them, for me, seven of them are the cardinal features. For you, however, you know, six of them and they're not all the same sort of overlapping are those for you. I think what we need is algorithms The third benefit, however, is that sleep, we've learned more recently is much more intelligent than we ever gave it credit for. Sleep doesn't simply just take individual memories and strengthen them. Sleep will then intelligently integrate and cross link and associate that information together. And it's almost like informational alchemy. So that you wake up the next morning with a revised mind wide web of associations. And that's probably t
ion, including efficient management of social interactions is going to really shed light on these questions. As I said, in a way that sort of musing abstractly about consciousness never would. So as I mentioned, I talked to Sarah Walker and first of all, she says, hi, spoke very highly of you. One of her concerns about physics and physicists and humans is that we may not fully understand the system that we're inside of. Meaning like, there may be limits to the kind of physics we do in trying to understand the system of which we're part of. So like, the observer is also the observed. In that sense, it seems like our tools of understanding the world, I mean, this is mostly centered around the questions of what is life, trying to understand the patterns that are characteristic of life and intelligence, all those kinds of things. We're not using the right tools because we're in the system. Is there something that resonates with you there? Almost like... Well, yes, we have limitations, of course, in the amount of information we can process. On the
cement learning and evolutionary computation. And initially, reinforcement learning was about individual learning during their lifetime. And evolution is more engineering. You don't care about the lifetime. You don't care about all the individuals that are tested. You only care about the final result. The last one, the best candidate that evolution produced. In that sense, they also apply to different kinds of problems. And now that boundary is starting to blur a bit. You can use evolution as an online method and reinforcement learning to create engineering solutions, but that's still roughly the distinction. And from the point of view of what algorithm you wanna use, if you have something where there is a cost for every trial, reinforcement learning might be your choice. Now, if you have a domain where you can use a surrogate perhaps, so you don't have much of a cost for trial, and you want to have surprises, you want to explore more broadly, then this population based method is perhaps a better choice because you can try things out 
 and the meaning and the purpose comes from the resistance being there and the struggle to overcome it. To overcome it, right. And also the other aspect of it is that it's not real at all. It's not even like it's an actual force. It's all here, right? So the sort of, in a way, it's sort of a surrender to it, you know? You know, or it's just a sort of like turning on the light in a dark thing. It's like, oh, it's gone. But not quite because it's never really. Because it comes back again tomorrow morning. Exactly. So you have to keep changing light bulbs every day. So what's been, maybe recently, but in general, maybe in your life, what's been the most relentless or one of the more relentless sources of resistance to you personally? I mean, it's always the same. It's about writing for me and evolving within my own body of work, you know? It never goes away, it never gets any less. Do you have particular excuses, particular justifications that come out? No, it's always the same. Well, I would say it's always the same, but it's really not because resistance is so p
formity mechanism finds the hot new topic to use to enforce further conformity. Exactly. Oh boy, I still, I remain optimistic. The humanities have innovated through podcasts, including yours and mine, and they're alive and well. All the bad talk you hear about the humanities in universities, there's been this huge end run of innovation on the internet and it's amazing. You're right. I never thought of, I mean, this is humanities. This podcast is right. It's like you've been speaking prose all one's life and didn't know it, right? Yeah, I am actually part of the humanities department at MIT now. I did not realize this and I will fully embrace it from this moment on. Look, you have this thing, the Media Lab. I'm sure you know about it. Done some excellent things, done a lot of very bogus things, but you're out competing them. You're blowing them out of the water. Yeah. Like you are them. Yeah, I mean, and I'm talking to those folks and they're just trying to, well, they're just trying to figure it out. I mean, they had their issues with Jeff Epstein and so on, 
 of the simple in food. What do you make of that kind of obsessive pursuit of perfection in creating simple food? Sushi is about perfection, but it's a bit like the Beatles White album, which people think is simple and not overproduced. It's in a funny way their most overproduced album, but it's produced just perfectly. It sounds simple. It's really hard to produce music to the point where it's gonna sound so simple and not sound like sludge. Like Let It Be album, it has some great songs, but a lot of it sounds like sludge. One After 909, that's sludge. I Dig A Pony, it's sludge. Like it's a bit interesting. It's not that good. It doesn't sound that good. White album, like the best half, like Dear Prudence, sounds perfect, sounds simple. Cry Baby Cry, it's not simple. Back in the USSR, super complex. So sushi is like that. It's because it's so incredibly not simple starting with the rice. You try to refine it to make it appear super simple, and that's the most complex thing of all. So do you admire, I mean, we're not talking about days, weeks, months. We're talkin
earning. So early days of Google Brain, we put a lot of effort into unsupervised learning rather than supervised learning. And there was this argument, I think it was around 2005 after NeurIPS, at that time called NIPS, but now NeurIPS had ended. And Jeff Hinton and I were sitting in the cafeteria outside the conference. We had lunch, we were just chatting. And Jeff pulled up this napkin. He started sketching this argument on a napkin. It was very compelling, as I'll repeat it. Human brain has about a hundred trillion. So there's 10 to the 14 synaptic connections. You will live for about 10 to the nine seconds. That's 30 years. You actually live for two by 10 to the nine, maybe three by 10 to the nine seconds. So just let's say 10 to the nine. So if each synaptic connection, each weight in your brain's neural network has just a one bit parameter, that's 10 to the 14 bits you need to learn in up to 10 to the nine seconds. 10 to the nine seconds of your life. So via this simple argument, which is a lot of problems, it's very simplified. That's 10 to the five bits per second
itely. That's the crystalline form. You can also have time liquids, or you can have all kinds of other states of matter. You can also have space time crystals where the pattern only repeats if with each step of time, you also move at a certain direction in space. So yeah, basically it's states of matter that displace structure in time spontaneously. So here's the difference. When it happens in time, it sure looks a lot like it's motion, and if it repeats indefinitely, it sure looks a lot like perpetual motion. Yeah. Like looks like free lunch. And I was told that there's no such thing as free lunch. Does this violate laws of thermodynamics? No, but it requires a critical examination of the laws of thermodynamics. I mean, let me say on background that the laws of thermodynamics are not fundamental laws of physics. There are things we prove under certain circumstances emerge from the fundamental laws of physics. They're not, we don't posit them separately. They're meant to be deduced, and they can be deduced under limited circumstances, but not
tions within ourselves and between each other when everything else has been grounded in me. For example, I know if I buy an appliance at the store or on a website, I don't need to look at the measurements on the appliance and make sure it can fit through my door. That's an engineered system of appliance manufacturing and construction. Everyone's agreed upon engineering standards. And we don't have engineering standards around cognition. It's not a, it has not entered as a formal engineering discipline that enables us to scaffold in society with everything else we're doing, including consuming news, our relationships, politics, economics, education, all the above. And so to me that the most significant contribution that kernel technology has to offer would be the formal, the introduction to formal engineering of cognition as it relates to everything else in society. I love that idea that you kind of think that there's just this ocean of data that's coming from people's brains as being in a crude way, reduced down to like tweets and text
ausal per se, but people think of China as having a government that takes care of everyone, it's very far from the truth. And by a lot of metrics, I don't mean control over people's lives, I don't mean speech, but by a lot of metrics, economically we have a lot more government than they do. So what one means here by like government, private control, I don't think you can just add up the numbers and get a simple answer. They've been fantastic at building infrastructure in cities in ways that will attract people from the countryside. And furthermore, they more or less enforce a meritocracy in this sense. Like if you're a kid of a rich guy, you'll get unfair privilege. That's unfair, but systems can afford that. If you are smart and from the countryside and your parents have nothing, you will be elevated and sent to a very good school, graduate school because of the exam system. And they do that and they mean that very consistently. It's like the Soviets had a version of that like for chess and romantic piano. Not for everything, but where they 
ure if there's a, that requires real discipline and forming habits. There's some aspect to which some of the best days and weeks of my life have been, yeah, sleeping under a desk kind of thing. And I don't, I'm not too willing to let go of things that empirically worked for things that work in theory. And so I'm, again, I'm absolutely with you on sleep. Also, I'm with you on sleep conceptually, but I'm also very humbled to understand that for different people, good sleep means different things. I'm very hesitant to trust science on sleep. I think you should also be a scholar of your own body. Again, the experiment of NF1. I'm not so sure that a full night's sleep is great for me. There is something about that power nap that I just have not fully studied yet, but that nap is something special. That I'm not sure I found the optimal thing. So like there's a lot to be explored to what is exactly optimal amount of sleep, that has the characteristics of, it has the data quality is high enough, it meets some certain threshold, cost, accessibility, comfort, i
e this dog park when I train to fly airplanes now and something I wanted to do. And there's a dog park across from the airport and there's 60 dogs and there's bones flying up in the air and chew toys and sticks and they're running around having the time of their life, right. And they're all getting along and they're not hurting each other. They're not violating each other. They're not canceling each other. And I'm going, we really need to learn from these dogs. Like, right. And like, I just, yeah. I mean, sometimes it sounds crazy, but I think they're a better species than people. Unless they're rabid, they don't hurt on purpose. They don't, you know, they don't cut you off in traffic and throw you the middle finger. And you know, they just don't do these acts of humanity that sometimes are so vicious. Why do you think these conspiracy theories of which there's a lot take hold? Why do you think so many people believe some version of different conspiracy theories around 9 11? Well, you know, like many things in life, it leaves me a little conflicted. I have t
re. I wouldn't call copper a shit coin as much as it is easy money. But I think government currencies and other alt coins, I think are shit coins because somebody could click a button and make 10 times the supply. Would it be fair to say that this began with the will for war in World War I? So the march towards fiat began with a global desire for war in the 20th century. Did war start this or was war a result? It's difficult to say really. I think it goes both ways. I think you can't have permanent war without fiat. And I also think there's a case to be made that you can't really have fiat without war. So it's some kind of weird dynamical system with a chicken and egg situation and they build on top of each other and there's a few individuals that figured out there's a way to manipulate this to play this kind of game and it escalates and nothing gives you the ability to manipulate money quite like war. When you have a war, you can declare an emergency. You can call all the people who oppose you traitors. You can get people to support y
 glimmer in your eye when you said you enjoy the physical world. Like, double up on that glimmer for the virtual reality. Can you imagine such a world? Well, like, I'll give maybe an example that's a bridge, which is that I like making things. So I like working in a machine shop and making objects with 3D printers or machines or whatever. And so I've had to learn how to get good at using a CAD program. There's many to choose from. I use one called Fusion 360. And I can spend hours in that trying to create, imagine and create the things I want to create. And it's not virtual reality exactly, but that whole time, my whole field of view is occupied by this monitor that's showing me a window into a three dimensional space. I'm rotating things around. I'm imagining things. I'm making things. And so that is pretty close to being in virtual reality. Does that thing have to exist for you to experience true joy? Can you stay in Fusion 360 the whole time? Do you have to 3D print it and touch it? Yeah, I mean, that's my game. That's what I'm up to. But it happens tha
 time. I don't think, as I said, I recognize this is part of any entrepreneur's challenge. I use entrepreneur broadly in this case. I'm not meaning like I'm building a business or trying to sell something. I mean, I'm trying to sell ideas. And this is the challenge as to how you get people to pay attention to you, how do you get them to give you positive or negative feedback, how do you get the people to act differently based on your ideas. So we'll see how well we do on that. So you know that there's a lot of hype behind artificial intelligence currently. Do you, as you look to spread the ideas that are of neocortical theory, the things you're working on, do you think there's some possibility we'll hit an AI winter once again? Yeah, it's certainly a possibility. No question about it. Is that something you worry about? Yeah, well, I guess, do I worry about it? I haven't decided yet if that's good or bad for my mission. That's true, that's very true. Because it's almost like you need the winter to refresh the palette. Yeah, it's like, I want, here's what you 
 information and true information, all of it, and let them explore that's going to lead to a better world, to better people. Fascist technologies is, I personally, I mentioned to you offline, sort of love artificial intelligence. And so AI that's an assistant, that's a guide, like a mentor to you, that you can in the way that Google searches, but smarter, where you can help send it out and say, this is the direction in which I want to grow, not authoritarian lecturing down from the algorithm of telling you this is how you should grow, but almost the opposite, where you use it as an assistant, a servant in your journey towards knowledge. That sounds like an easy thing, but it's actually from an AI perspective very difficult. I mean, this is the theme of a book I wrote called The Diamond Age, which talks about a book that essentially does that. And I've been sort of watching people try to come at the problem of building that thing from different directions for ever since the book came out, basically. And so I kind of have, although I haven't w
e death, that the fear of death is really the primary driver of everything we do. So Freud had what the? Right, I would agree with that. So to you, you've always thought about your, even your own mortality. Yes, definitely. And can you elaborate on the reincarnation aspect of what you were talking about? Like that we kind of, what's your sense that we had previous lives? In what, have you thought concretely or is it a lot of it kind of is? No, I've thought concretely about it. I mean, it's very clear when you see children, young kids, or even dogs and cats, that they come into the world with personalities, you know, and three kids in a family are gonna be completely different and completely their own person. And that person that they are doesn't change over life. And I, you know, there's one of the things that I did in my book The Artist's Journey is that there were certain things where I tracked or just listed in order, like all of Bruce Springsteen's albums or all of Philip Roth's books, you know, kind of a body of work throughout over, you know, 
tside, I mean, if you let a particular plant have its way, it would take over, you know, the whole hillside. And certainly in the days of Alexander the Great, let's say, there were, who knows, over the face of the earth, hundreds of little kingdoms, China, Japan, you know, Asia, Europe, wherever, and every prince that grew up dreamt of conquering his neighbor and conquering a neighbor after that. That seems to be a universal human imperative, at least in the male of the species. So... The war is just a realization of that imperative. I think so. So you've written about Spartans in the Battle of Thermopylae, you've about Alexander the Great, about the Six Day War in 67 in Israel, against Egypt, Jordan, Syria. What war, not just out of those, but in general, do you think has been most transformative for the world? Well, these are great questions, Lex. Tough, easy ones, right? I mean, I wish I knew more about the Mongols, because I certainly, from what little I know, I think that was a very, their conquests were very transformative, bringing cultures in a horrible
e behind it that are working on it, that are promoting it. And that's why, and I think Michael Saylor's discussion with you was a magnificent illustration of the difference between Bitcoin and altcoins in that they are securities. And I think he makes a very compelling, brilliant case for why this makes them categorically different from Bitcoin. Bitcoin, you're buying property. I think he mentioned he's a huge fan of Dogecoin, but I might be misremembering. You are misremembering. Okay, me too. Maybe I'm quoting him out of context. Okay, let me just ask you about some possible criticisms of Bitcoin. So on centralization, so there's a criticism on the mining and on the node side, or the node is not really the criticism, but Bitcoin mining is not fully decentralized because a small number of miners control a majority of the hashing power. I looked it up, there's 10,000, 15,000, whatever the number is of computers that are full nodes, that have the full, that are actively connected to the network. So you could argue that's decentralized because it's global, i
en we were together, he said something along the lines that there is no theoretical body of work in academic psychology right now for which there is more empirical evidence. And so I appreciated that. He's a great researcher. He's a good clinician. The other thing that we will agree to disagree about rather vociferously is his ultimately political slash economic. So I remember being at dinner with him, telling him that the next book that I wanted to write was going to be called Why Left and Right are Both Beside the Point. And my argument was going to be and it is going to be that both liberal and political liberal and conservative political philosophy are each intellectually and morally bankrupt because they're both framed in terms of assumptions about human nature that are demonstrably false. And Jordan didn't mind me knocking liberal political philosophy on those grounds. That would basically be like Steven Pinker's blank slate. But he took issue when I pointed out that actually it's conservative political philosophy, which
thout requiring calculus. So I think high school math would be sufficient. If you know how to multiply two matrices, I think that's great. So a little basic linear algebra is great. Basic linear algebra, even very, very basic linear algebra in some programming. I think that people that have done the machine learning course will find a deep learning specialization a bit easier but it's also possible to jump into the deep learning specialization directly but it will be a little bit harder since we tend to go over faster concepts like how does gradient descent work and what is the objective function which is covered more slowly in the machine learning course. Could you briefly mention some of the key concepts in deep learning that students should learn that you envision them learning in the first few months in the first year or so? So if you take the deep learning specialization, you learn the foundations of what is a neural network. How do you build up a neural network from a single logistic unit to a stack of layers to diff
es different? Classical guitar, sort of physically, how do you make those sounds? And I did learn those things. And you can't learn everything about them, but you can learn a lot about them without ever being good or even trying to be that good. But I could play all the notes. So from the observer perspective, what do you, I apologize for the absurd question, but what do you use the most beautiful and maybe moving piece of art you've encountered in your life? It's not an absurd question at all. And I think about this quite a bit. I would say the two winners by a clear margin are both by Michelangelo. It's the Pieta in the Vatican and the David statue in Florence. Why? Historical context or just purity, the creation itself? I don't think you can view it apart from historical context and being in Florence or in the Vatican, you're already primed for a lot, right? You can't pull that out. But just technically how they express the emotion of human form, I do honestly intellectually think they're the two greatest artworks for doing that. That's no
 of one gene. An intron is sort of the place between the exons that code for proteins. So proteins are split up into exons and introns and every exon codes for a particular subset of amino acids and together they're spliced together and then make the final protein. So that genetic variant might be sitting in an intron of a gene. It's transcribed with the gene, it's processed and then excised, but it might not impact this gene at all. It might actually impact another gene that's a million nucleotides away. So it's just riding along even though it has nothing to do with this nearby neighborhood. That's exactly right. Let me give you an example. The strongest genetic association with obesity was discovered in this FTO gene, fat and obesity associated gene. So this FTO gene was studied ad nauseum. People did tons of experiments on it. They figured out that FTO is in fact RNA methylation transferase. It basically impacts something that we call the epitranscriptome. Just like the genome can be modified, the transcriptome, the transcript of
t we call a Godonkin experiment. That's a thought experiment. Yes. Okay. Not a real experiment. But then after that, then people believe gravitational waves must exist. You can kind of calculate how big they are. They're tiny. And so people started searching. The first idea that was used was Feynman's idea, and the very end of it. And it was to take a great big, huge bar of aluminum and then put around, and it's made like a cylinder, and then put around it some very, very sensitive detectors so that if a gravitational wave happened to go through it, it would go, and you'd detect this extra strain that was there. And that was this method that was used until we came along. It wasn't a very good method to use. And what was the, so we're talking about a pretty weak signal here. Yeah, that's why that method didn't work. So what, can you tell the story of figuring out what kind of method would be able to detect this very weak signal of gravitational waves? So remembering what happens when you go to the amusement park, that it's going to do something li
r a task which is unpredictable, like, you know, you have fair coin flips. Yeah, I cannot predict the next fair coin flip. What Solomonov does is says, okay, next head is probably 50%. It's the best you can do. So if something is unpredictable, Solomonov will also not magically predict it. But if there is some pattern and predictability, then Solomonov induction will figure that out eventually, and not just eventually, but rather quickly, and you can have proof convergence rates, whatever your data is. So there's pure magic in a sense. What's the catch? Well, the catch is that it's not computable, and we come back to that later. You cannot just implement it even with Google resources here, and run it and predict the stock market and become rich. I mean, Ray Solomonov already tried it at the time. But so the basic task is you're in the environment, and you're interacting with the environment to try to learn to model that environment, and the model is in the space of all these programs, and your goal is to get a bunch of programs that are simple. Yea
but outside of that, there's a, I've actually gone through a shift with this particular podcast, for example, where at first it was seen as a, one, at the very first it was seen as a distraction. Second, it was a source of like, almost like a kind of jealousy, like the same kind of jealousy you feel when junior faculty outshines the senior faculty. And now it's more like, oh, okay, this is a thing. Like we should do more of that. We should embrace this guy. We should embrace this thing. So there's a sense that podcasting and whatever this is, it doesn't have to be podcasting, will drive some innovation within MIT, within different universities. There's a sense that things are changing. It's just that universities lag behind. And my hope is that they catch up quickly. They innovate in some way that goes along with the innovations of the internet. Online. I think the internet will outrace them for a long time, maybe forever. Well, I mean, but it's okay if they're, as long as they're keeping. Yeah, and we're both in universities. So we have multiple hats on
real world. And I'm not sure if you're familiar with that system much, but, you know, Andre Kapathy leads that team on the machine learning side. And there's a multitask network, multiheaded network, where there's a core, but it's trained on particular tasks. And there's a bunch of different heads that are trained on that. Is there some lessons from evolutionary computation or neuroevolution that could be applied to this kind of multiheaded beast that's operating in the real world? Yes, it's a very good problem for neuroevolution. And the reason is that when you have multiple tasks, they support each other. So let's say you're learning to classify X ray images to different pathologies. So you have one task is to classify this disease and another one, this disease, another one, this one. And when you're learning from one disease, that forces certain kinds of internal representations and embeddings, and they can serve as a helpful starting point for the other tasks. So you are combining the wisdom of multiple tasks into these representations. An
, bloody way together. But gosh, what's then the most transformative? Maybe the Roman conquest, establishing the Roman Empire and bringing that culture. Maybe Alexander the Great's wars that united east and west, at least for a minute. So building of empire. Do you have a sense, so there's wars, I mean, the Six Day War is not about building empires. It's about deeply held religious, cultural conflict and holding the line, holding the border. And then there is conquests, like the Mongols, that, what is it, some large percentage of the population is a descendant of Genghis Khan, I believe, right? So that has transformative effects. And then World War II, I mean, personally, and my family and so on, had transformative effects. Let me ask you this, Lex. Why are you, what are you trying to get at with these questions? What is this kind of the theme that you're aiming at? Well, I talked to Eric Weinstein, and he said everything is great about war except the killing. And there's a romantic notion of war. Certainly there's a romantic notion of being a warrior, b
ve is going to be to go on a Bitcoin based monetary system. Well, I don't know if everything always has to be the hard way. I'd love it not to be, but I mean, it doesn't look like there is any kind of desire in China or in Russia to switch to a Bitcoin based system. To take a leap to Bitcoin. So unfortunately, I think we're gonna go through a few years, maybe many years of learning the lesson the hard way, of trying to accumulate these commodities and seeing the limitations that make them unsuitable as money today. One of the things I'm really concerned about is the tension, the amount, the increasing amount of hate in the world. Yes. And the increasing amount of power centers in the world between which hate is making a regular appearance. And because the weapons of war are becoming more and more powerful as they have been in the past many decades, I'm really concerned about nuclear war. So let us see if Bitcoin can fix this. Yes, Bitcoin fixes all of this. The first rule of Bitcoin is if it's a problem, Bitcoin fixes it. All right, well I
o people buy things because people want to consume. There's a limitless desire to consume, that there's no shortage of reasons for people to consume, shortage of reasons for people to consume, whether it's food or Ferraris or private jets. People just always wanna buy more. Can I interrupt just really quick? What about the fear about the uncertainty of the future where they might want to buy things but they're really afraid because it seems like there's a lot like a pandemic going on or whatever it is. Yeah, that's good. So fear of uncertainty, can you have too much fear? Here's the thing, what I was saying is, I was making the point that we don't need to be motivated to consume. Like we have the insatiable desire to consume. Everybody would like to have more of all kinds of things. Everybody would like to have a bigger house. Well, not everybody, some people have a big enough house but everybody would like a house, everybody would like a car, jet, all kinds of things, electronics, machines. So we don't need a desire to consume. But of course t
 that problem, you might need to enter an editor and alter a file. So I think on that level, there will always have to be sort of very simple, well Emacs isn't very simple, but you know what I mean. There have to be basic editors that you can use from either the command line or a GUI just for administering systems. Now how widespread they'll be, there's a certain amount of, what's the story of the American folktale of the hammer guy who drives the railroad spikes, John Henry, trying to keep up with the steam hammer and eventually the steam hammer wins because he can't drive the spikes fast enough. So there's a sense in which Microsoft, who knows how much they've invested in code visual studio or Apple with Xcode. So they've put huge amounts of money into enhancing their IDEs and Emacs in theory can duplicate all of those features by if you just have enough Linux hackers writing Emacs Lisp macros, but at some point it's gonna be hard to maintain that level of, to keep up feature for feature. The interesting thing about Emacs just is it
again. You give people a chance, but you're a fast learner. Yeah, and I try and use my time very wisely, and I'm unapologetic about it. My time is the most precious thing, and the way to get on my shit list forever is to try and take away my time and to abuse my time. If you do that, it's the one unforgivable sin for me. And I think that's really, I think that's my way of coming to terms with mortality. We're all gonna die, and so let's make the most out of it while we're still here. And of course, the other way you come to terms with mortality is you have children. Given what you just said, doubly so, it's a huge honor that you would spend your valuable time with me. This is the first time you did it, so you probably regret all of it, so we'll probably never see each other again. But I'm glad you at least took the chance to do it. It's a huge honor, man. I've been a huge fan of yours. I think you have impact on the world that you probably are not even aware of. It's tremendous, and a lot of people love you, and your work is important. Even, you know, I 
e. Written by Ian Goodfellow, okay. And then the next book I would recommend, The Reinforcement Learning Book by Satneen Barto. That's a beautiful book. If there's any problem with the book, it makes RL feel and look much easier than it actually is. It's very gentle book. It's very nice to read, the exercises to do. You can very quickly get some RL systems to run. You know, very toy problems, but it's a lot of fun. And in a couple of days you feel you know what RL is about, but it's much harder than the book. Yeah. Oh, come on now, it's an awesome book. Yeah, it is, yeah. And maybe, I mean, there's so many books out there. If you like the information theoretic approach, then there's Kolmogorov Complexity by Alin Vitani, but probably, you know, some short article is enough. You don't need to read a whole book, but it's a great book. And if you have to mention one all time favorite book, it's of different flavor, that's a book which is used in the International Baccalaureate for high school students in several countries. That's from Nicholas Alchin, Theory of Kn
u need sleep before learning to effectively imprint information into the brain to lay down fresh memory traces. And without sleep, the memory circuits of the brain, and we know we've studied these memory circuits, will, you know, they essentially become waterlogged as it were for the sponge analogy, and you can't absorb the information as effectively. So you need sleep before learning, but you also need sleep unfortunately after learning too, to then take those freshly minted memories and effectively hit the save button on them, but it's nowhere near as quick as a digital system. It takes hours because it's a physical biological change that happens at the level of brain cells. But sleep after learning will cement and solidify that new memory into the neural architecture of the brain, therefore making it less likely to be forgotten. So, you know, I often think of sleep in that way as, it's almost sort of future proofing information. In what way? Well, it means that it gives it a higher degree of assurance to be remembered in the future
bability distribution. It works as more like what we call a union. So you could say, and one column says, I think it could be a coffee cup, a soda can, or a water bottle. And another column says, I think it could be a coffee cup or a telephone or a camera or whatever, right? And all these guys are saying what they think it might be. And there's these long range connections in certain layers in the cortex. So there's in some layers in some cells types in each column, send the projections across the brain. And that's the voting occurs. And so there's a simple associative memory mechanism. We've described this in a recent paper and we've modeled this that says, they can all quickly settle on the only or the one best answer for all of them. If there is a single best answer, they all vote and say, yep, it's gotta be the coffee cup. And at that point, they all know it's a coffee cup. And at that point, everyone acts as if it's a coffee cup. They're like, yep, we know it's a coffee, even though I've only seen one little piece of this world, I know it's a cof
gging into files, but it's got a location that it's traveling through some space. You can't have an AI that just take some flash thing input. We call it flash inference. Here's a pattern, done. No, it's movement pattern, movement pattern, movement pattern, attention, digging, building structure, figuring out the model of the world. So some sort of embodiment, whether it's physical or not, has to be part of it. So self awareness and the way to be able to answer where am I? Well, you're bringing up self, that's a different topic, self awareness. No, the very narrow definition of self, meaning knowing a sense of self enough to know where am I in the space where it's actually. Yeah, basically the system needs to know its location or each component of the system needs to know where it is in the world at that point in time. So self awareness and consciousness. Do you think one, from the perspective of neuroscience and neurocortex, these are interesting topics, solvable topics. Do you have any ideas of why the heck it is that we have a subjective experienc
ople are gonna have a form of property that they can keep. And so hopefully that will help in one way. And of course the more obvious way is that this is a conflict of governments and it's a conflict that is financed by fiat. And from day one, the entirely insane notion that you could build a national and ethnic homeland. And of course, this is the early 20th century. So the idea behind Zionism is coming from the same place where all these other ethnic nationalisms of Europe were emerging. And we saw how well, how horribly these worked out. But the idea that you could, it's one thing to say we wanna build a homeland for Germans in Germany. It's one thing to say we wanna build the homelands for Germans somewhere else. And that was Palestine, that was Zionism. And that was only possible thanks to fiat, thanks to the ability of the British government and all these other governments to continue to finance this colonialist effort over time. And it continues to finance war and we see war all over the world continue to escalate because t
 conversation because it's something I would not normally do. I used it in order to create a bridge of shared understanding of how others would, what terminology others would use. Yeah. But yeah, I concur. Let's go with impactful application. Or the. Just value creation. Value creation. Something people love using. There we go, that's it. Love app. Okay, so what, do you have any ideas? So you're basically creating a framework where there's the possibility of a discovery of an application that people love using. Is, do you have ideas? We've began to play a fun game internally where when we have these discussions or we begin circling around this concept of, does anybody have an idea? Does anyone have intuitions? And if we see the conversation starting to veer in that direction, we flag it and say, human intuition alert, stop it. And so we really want to focus on the algorithm of there's a natural process of human discovery. That when you populate a system with devices and you give people the opportunity to play around with it in expected and une
plexity, that kind of embrace the fact that it's all an intricately connected mess, and it's just very difficult to do anything with that kind of science. But it seems to be much closer to actually representing what the world is like. So like you put it earlier, Lex, it's messy. So left and right, you mentioned, you're thinking of maybe actually putting it down on paper or something? Yeah, I would like to, because what I would like to point out, again, in admiration of all the people that I will then try and have the gall to criticize is, look, these are all geniuses. Locke, genius. Adam Smith, genius, when he uses the notion that we're bartering creatures. So he uses that reciprocation idea as the basis of his way of thinking about things. But that's not at the core. The bartering is not at the core of human nature. It's not at, well, he says it is. He says we're fundamentally bartering creatures. Well, that doesn't even make sense then, because then how can we then be autonomous individuals autonomous individuals? Well, because we're going to barter
eral intelligence and artificial consciousness, we may have to completely rethink how we engineer computational systems. If you enjoy this thing, subscribe on YouTube, review it with 5 stars on Apple Podcast, follow on Spotify, support on Patreon, or connect with me on Twitter at Lex Friedman. And now, here's my conversation with Manolis Callas. So your group at MIT is trying to understand the molecular basis of human disease. What are some of the biggest challenges in your view? Don't get me started. I mean, understanding human disease is the most complex challenge in modern science. So because human disease is as complex as the human genome, it is as complex as the human brain, and it is in many ways, even more complex because the more we understand disease complexity, the more we start understanding genome complexity and epigenome complexity and brain circuitry complexity and immune system complexity and cancer complexity and so on and so forth. So traditionally, human disease was following basic biology. You would basically under
onk, and his objections to society at the time, the same objections one was having to society as I was reading it. Like, the same human behaviors, the same impetus for action that he found a problem, like, well, that's the same shit now. Like, we're not, and this was the thing, and then I'm reading more religion, and I go, oh, we're no different than anyone who wrote the Torah or older. We are the same thing with the same problems, with the same psychological issues, the same human behaviors. Like, these things are not different, and we haven't changed. Growing set of tools, though, to kill each other with or to communicate together and all that kind of stuff, but underlying it, there's a human nature. Well, we're also trying to understand that human nature. I think we've, just like you said, learning how to fish, acquired more and more knowledge about that human nature, but it's been a very slow journey, slower than people realize in terms of understanding human nature. Let me ask, in terms of egoism, to be curious, to get your sense about Ayn Rand and h
 and just a magical experience and then provide customer service on top of that, that would be easy, that would be great. What I was really going after though, it was PayPal. They were the only company in payments making money. Because they had the relationship with eBay early on, people created a PayPal account, they'd fund their account with their checking account versus their credit cards. And then when they'd use PayPal to pay a merchant, PayPal had a cost of payment of zero versus if you have coming from a credit card, you have to pay the bank the fees. So PayPal's margins were 3% on a transaction versus a typical payments company, which may be a nickel or a penny or a dime or something like that. And so I knew PayPal really was the model to replicate, but a bunch of companies had tried to do that. They tried to come in and build a two sided marketplace. So get consumers to fund the checking account and the merchants to accept it, but they'd all failed because building a two sided marketplace is very hard at the same time. So my
mans which are just artifacts and not evolutionary necessary. But with this beauty and simplicity, it's, I believe, at least the core is about, like science, finding regularities in the world, understanding the world, which is necessary for survival. If I look at a bush and I just see noise, and there is a tiger and it eats me, then I'm dead. But if I try to find a pattern, and we know that humans are prone to find more patterns in data than they are, like the Mars face and all these things, but these biads towards finding patterns, even if they are non, but, I mean, it's best, of course, if they are, yeah, helps us for survival. Yeah, that's fascinating. I haven't thought really about the, I thought I just loved science, but indeed, in terms of just for survival purposes, there is an evolutionary argument for why we find the work of Einstein so beautiful. Maybe a quick small tangent. Could you describe what's, Salomonov induction is? Yeah, so that's a theory which I claim, and Mr. Lomanov sort of claimed a long time ago, that this solves the big philos
is, I believe. And there was a wonderful study done out of Harvard where they took a group of people who had no signs of cardiovascular disease. And what they found is that when they track them for years afterwards, they were completely healthy to begin with. Those people who are getting less than six hours of sleep ended up having a 300% increased risk of developing calcification of the coronary artery, which is the major sort of corridor of life for your heart. When someone says, he died of a massive coronary, it's because of a blockade of the coronary artery. And Tesla passed away from a coronary thrombosis. We also know that insufficient sleep is linked to numerous mental health issues. We know that Churchill had a wicked battle with depression. Gosh, my goodness, he used to call it black dog that would come and visit him. And I think many of his paintings, he was exquisite painter, but some of them would depict his darkness with depression as well. Edison is interesting. People have argued that he would short sleep and he didn't 
 just makes me feel so good. It makes me feel like you give a crap about me. I said, I really do. I said, but it touched my heart that people were seeking me out to get that hug to start the day. And I remember there was a guy in Manhattan, he was selling hugs for like 50 cents and I think he got arrested, right? It was just before COVID. But like, I wouldn't sell them if, but now. You've given them away for free. Well, now I got leukemia. I'd be kind of concerned to get into COVID. I mean, but like, I really think we need that. We need hugging booths, like in each city or each town. Like, because there's so many people that just want to know someone gives a shit about them. And that's the problem. It's like, like, you know, that's what I love about small little towns like where I am now in Tennessee. And I'm not knocking New York. I'm not knocking big towns, but I guess it's easier to do in a smaller area because it's just not this mass of humanity. But they'll stop and check on you. Like you're out in the road and you know, like I'm cutting and cleaning or
e to come and look at our work and say, well, what can we learn from these guys? Yeah, MIT is launching a billion dollar computing college that's centered around this idea, so. Is it on this idea of what? Well, the idea that, you know, the humanities, psychology, and neuroscience have to work all together to get to build the S. Yeah, I mean, Stanford just did this Human Centered AI Center. I'm a little disappointed in these initiatives because, you know, they're focusing on sort of the human side of it, and it could very easily slip into how humans interact with intelligent machines, which is nothing wrong with that, but that's not, that is orthogonal to what we're trying to do. We're trying to say, like, what is the essence of intelligence? I don't care. In fact, I wanna build intelligent machines that aren't emotional, that don't smile at you, that, you know, that aren't trying to tuck you in at night. Yeah, there is that pattern that you, when you talk about understanding humans is important for understanding intelligence, that you start slipping into
n computation perspective, a lot of variation. Sort of like diversity in all its forms is beneficial even if some people are assholes or some robots are assholes. So like it's beneficial to have that because you can't always a priori know what's good, what's bad. But that's a fascinating. Absolutely. Diversity is the bread and butter. I mean, if you're running an evolution, you see diversity is the one fundamental thing you have to have. And absolutely, also, it's not always good diversity. It may be something that can be destructive. We had in these hyenas simulations, we have hyenas that just are suicidal. They just run and get killed. But they form the basis of those who actually are really fast, but stop before they get killed and eventually turn into this mob. So there might be something useful there if it's recombined with something else. So I think that as long as we can tolerate some of that, it may turn into something better. You may change the rules because it's so much more efficient to do something that was actually against the 
obot, going through backflips purely from feedback. I like this better than that. That's kind of equally good, and after a bunch of interactions, it figured out what it was the person was asking for, namely a backflip. And so I think the same thing. Oh, it wasn't trying to do a backflip. It was just getting a comparison score from the person based on? Person having in mind, in their own mind, I wanted to do a backflip, but the robot didn't know what it was supposed to be doing. It just knew that sometimes the person said, this is better, this is worse, and then the robot figured out what the person was actually after was a backflip. And I'd imagine the same would be true for things like more interactive robots, that the robot would figure out over time, oh, this kind of thing apparently is appreciated more than this other kind of thing. So when I first picked up Sutton's, Richard Sutton's reinforcement learning book, before sort of this deep learning, before the reemergence of neural networks as a powerful mechanism for machine learning, RL 
at we have limited lifespan and most of us cope with it by just, hey, that's what the world is like and I make the most of it. But sometimes you can have like a fear that's not healthy, that paralyzes you, that you can't do anything. And somewhere in between there, not caring at all and getting paralyzed because of fear is a normal response, which is a little bit more than just logic and it's emotion. So now the question is, what good are emotions? I mean, they are quite complex and there are multiple dimensions of emotions and they probably do serve a survival function, heightened focus, for instance. And fear of death might be a really good emotion when you are in danger, that you recognize it, even if it's not logically necessarily easy to derive and you don't have time for that logical deduction, you may be able to recognize the situation is dangerous and this fear kicks in and you all of a sudden perceive the facts that are important for that. And I think that's generally is the role of emotions. It allows you to focus what's relev
less crazy. And the direction that that company eventually took was chemical rockets. Is there something you can comment on possible ideas? So first of all, you could use nuclear, so nuclear propulsion. Yeah. So that's, I mean, you've probably heard of Project Orion, which was the... Freeman Dyson and some of his collaborators had a scheme to power a large space vehicle by detonating atomic bombs behind it. And so one of the other people who was working at Blue Operations during this time was George Dyson, the son of Freeman. And so we knew all about Project Orion and he found an old film that they'd shot on a beach in La Jolla of a prototype of this that was powered by like lumps of C4. So that was an idea, but for a private company, obtaining a large number of atomic bombs was probably out of scope. So it was more of a theoretical thing. There's a conceptually similar approach using lasers that Freeman worked on with Arthur Kantrowitz and some others, where you take a pulsed laser and you fire it at a vehicle that has a block of ice 
eriments that are much more precise and comparisons that are very precise. Now it's called calculating backgrounds because people take this for granted and wanna see deviations from the theory, which would be the new discoveries. Yeah, the cutting edge becomes a foundation and the foundation becomes boring. Yes. Is there some, for basic explanation purposes, is there something to be said about strong interactions in the context of the strong nuclear force for the attraction between protons and neutrons versus the interaction between quarks within protons? Well, quarks and gluons have the same relation basically to nuclear physics as electrons and photons have to atomic and molecular physics. So atoms and photons are the dynamic entities that really come into play in chemistry and atomic physics. Of course, you have to have the atomic nuclei, but those are small and relatively inert, really the dynamical part. And for most purposes of chemistry, you just say that you have this tiny little nucleus, which QCD gives you. Don't worry 
 computers and other digital, our digital lives are just, Bitcoin becomes a rounding error relative to how much energy is spent on all the computers in our world. But also things like home appliances, microwaves, and hair dryers and stuff. Yeah. It's that. Yeah, I mean, this is, that's being hilarious. It's like, oh, these things that are just part of our modern life, they're either the same order, at least the same order of magnitude as Bitcoin, and they seem like trivial parts of life. Yeah, and this is the thing, all of the people that complain about Bitcoin's energy consumption, I presume they use washing machines. Now, why should their desire for clean and dry clothes get to consume energy? And I mean, I used to live in Lebanon. Lebanon had hyperinflation. I escaped from hyperinflation. I escaped, it prevented, my life could have been ruined by hyperinflation. And the reason that it wasn't ruined is because I have Bitcoin. So, I don't know, am I allowed to swear on your podcast? Yes, please. So, fuck your washing machine. given a choice between my w
go sleep deprivation, but for very obvious, clear biological reasons. One is when they're in a condition of severe starvation. The second is when they're caring for their newborn. So for example, killer whales will often deprive themselves. The female will go away from the pod, give birth, and then bring the calf back. And during that time, the mother will undergo sleep deprivation. And then the third one is during migration when birds are flying trans oceanographic 2,000, 3,000 miles. But for the most part, it's never seen in the animal kingdom, which brings me back to the point, therefore mother nature in the course of evolution has never had to face the challenge of this thing called sleep deprivation. And therefore she has never created a safety net in place to circumnavigate this common influence. And there is a good example where we have, which is called the adipose cell, the fat cell. Because during our evolutionary past, we had famine and we had feast. And mother nature came up with a very clever recipe, which is how can I store caloric c
nsive to move around. And the fact that it is expensive to move around means that there's inevitably going to emerge institutions where it is centralized in physical location. And then these institutions trade liabilities for the gold. So really the gold standard intrinsically must involve credit as becoming part of the monetary system. It has to be the credit and because it gets centralized it can easily be captured by the government. So to be fair, the benefits of the fiat system is that it saves us on the cost of moving gold around, which is pretty significant. Like generally, moving a bar of gold across the Atlantic is gonna cost somewhere between 0.1 to 1% of the cost of the gold bar. So you move it 100 times back and forth between the Atlantic, you need to pay the whole gold bar, the cost of the whole gold bar to move it 100 times across. Well, with fiat money, it's essentially government credit. And so it's just sending a message from one central bank to another and you can move it halfway around the world. Is there also something t
a mixture of her maternal and her paternal chromosome. And the copy that you got from your dad is a mixture of his maternal and his paternal chromosome. So these breakpoints that happen when chromosomes are lining up are basically ensuring through these crossover events, they're ensuring that every child cell during the process of meiosis, where you basically have, you know, one spermatozoid that basically couples with one ovule to basically create one egg to basically create the zygote. You basically have half of your genome that comes from dad and half your genome that comes from mom. But in order to line them up, you basically have these crossover events. These crossover events are basically leading to coinheritance of that entire block coming from your maternal grandmother and that entire block coming from your maternal grandfather. Over many generations, these crossover events don't happen randomly. There's a protein called PRDM9 that basically guides the double stranded breaks and then leads to these crossovers. And that
nd Z, and maybe no one's even talked about it since 1972 or something, but we go back and find that, and we say, oh, either it can support the theory or it can invalidate the theory. And we say, okay, we have to start over again. Oh, no, it's supportive, let's keep going with that one. So the way I kind of view it, when we do our work, we look at all this empirical data, and what I call it is a set of constraints. We're not interested in something that's biologically inspired. We're trying to figure out how the actual brain works. So every piece of empirical data is a constraint on a theory. In theory, if you have the correct theory, it needs to explain every pin, right? So we have this huge number of constraints on the problem, which initially makes it very, very difficult. If you don't have many constraints, you can make up stuff all the day. You can say, oh, here's an answer on how you can do this, you can do that, you can do this. But if you consider all biology as a set of constraints, all neuroscience as a set of constraints, and even if you're workin
s thing through, not just of mitigating the things that'll wipe us out, but we have this potential, and so we just haven't given voice to it, even though it's within this realm of possibilities. So you're excited about the possibility of superintelligence systems and the opportunities that bring, I mean, there's parallels to this, you think about people before the internet as the internet was coming to life, I mean, there's kind of a fog through which you can't see, what does the future look like? Predicting collective intelligence, which I don't think we're understanding that we're living through that now, is that there's now, we've in some sense stopped being individual intelligences and become much more like collective intelligences, because ideas travel much, much faster now, and they can, in a viral way, sweep across the populations, and so it's almost, I mean, it almost feels like a thought is had by many people now, thousands or millions of people as opposed to an individual person, and that's changed everything, but to me, I don't think we're 
mentally move through the reference frame of the coffee cup, imagining me touching it. But I can also mentally move my house. And so now we can ask yourself, or are all concepts stored this way? There was some recent research using human subjects in fMRI, and I'm going to apologize for not knowing the name of the scientists who did this. But what they did is they put humans in this fMRI machine, which is one of these imaging machines. And they gave the humans tasks to think about birds. So they had different types of birds, and birds that look big and small, and long necks and long legs, things like that. And what they could tell from the fMRI was a very clever experiment. You get to tell when humans were thinking about the birds, that the birds, the knowledge of birds was arranged in a reference frame, similar to the ones that are used when you navigate in a room. That these are called grid cells, and there are grid cell like patterns of activity in the neocortex when they do this. So it's a very clever experiment. And what it basi
 balances grows and trades in Bitcoin cancel each other out, you get only slight changes in value. So I think as Bitcoin matures, that's going to decline. So effectively, I think the end game is Bitcoin is huge, Bitcoin is worth something like, I think the total addressable market for Bitcoin is not just national currencies and gold's addressable market, but also government bonds. That's the really big one. So how do banks compare to gold? So you're saying it'll surpass gold, the 10 trillion? Yeah. What's bonds? Where does bonds stand? So then there's also national currencies, which are about 100 trillion and then there's government bonds, which are around $120 billion, sorry, trillion dollars. Trillion. Trillion, sorry. Yes, trillion. If we're saying billion, we meant trillion. Yeah. So you think bonds can move to Bitcoin? I've always held this is the prize, this is the main dish. Gold is the appetizer, bonds are the main dish because bonds have replaced gold. I have an appetizer. Yeah. I mean, bonds have replaced gold in people's portfolio. People, you remember whe
 religion. It was the only reality I ever understood, and it's difficult to articulate to people when you're born into that kind of reality and it's the only reality you're exposed to, you are literally blinded to the existence of other realities because it's so much the in group, out group thing, and so in that situation, it was not only that I desperately wanted lights out forever, it was that I couldn't have lights out forever. It was that there was an afterlife, and this afterlife had this system that would either penalize or reward you for your behaviors, and so it was almost like this, this indescribable hopelessness of not only being in hopeless despair of not wanting to exist, but then also being forced to exist, and so there was a duration of my time, a duration of life where I'd say, like yes, I have no remorse for lights being out, and I actually want it more than anything in the entire world. There are other times where I'm looking out at the future and I say this is an opportunity for a future evolving human conscious exp
that my kids and anyone that I know and care about, I hope they can experience the bond of that brotherhood that I experienced in my life. It was so... God, I would give anything to have it back. Just, yeah. Can I ask you about New York? So unfortunately, I've never lived in New York. I visit. I've always wanted to live there for a bit. Obviously, it's a very different experience to have really lived in New York for many, many years. But there's a few friends of mine that are from... They got similar accent as yours. Yeah. That are a little bit saddened. Perhaps it's temporary, but perhaps not. They don't seem to think so of what New York has become, especially with COVID. It's losing some of the spirit of New York. Do you have that sense? Do you have a hope for the city that has been so defining to what is America? My heart's broken. I had moved to New Jersey many years ago, but I still have a close attachment to New York. My parents are still there, many, many family members. And I've since now moved to Tennessee. I needed to go somewhere quiet. I wante
d instruments. So get that under control as soon as possible because it's like learning a language to produce great works and express yourself fluently and with confidence. It should be your native language. These things should be like your native language. So you're not wondering what is the derivative? This is just part of your, it's in your bones, so to speak, and the sooner that you can do that, then the better. So all those things can be done in parallel and should be. You've accomplished some incredible things in your life, but the sad thing about this thing we have is it ends. Do you think about your mortality? Are you afraid of death? Well, afraid is the wrong word. I mean, I wish it weren't going to happen and I'd like to, but. Do you think about it? I, you know, occasionally I think about, well, I think about it very operationally in the sense that there's always a trade off between exploration and exploitation. This is a classic subject in computer science, actually in machine learning that when you're in an unusual circumstance, you
hat human connection that we usually get elsewhere through our work. But they'll stay lonely, in my opinion. You think so? I do. So it is a pandemic thing, but I think it will persist. And the idea of wanting to be connected to more of the world, Clubhouse will still offer that. And all the mental health issues out there, a lot of people have broken ties and they will still be lonely post vaccines. Yeah, I, from an artificial intelligence perspective, have a sense that there is like a deep loneliness in the world, that all of us are really lonely. Like we don't even acknowledge it. Even people in happy relationships, it feels like there's like an iceberg of loneliness in all of us, like seeking to be understood, like deeply understood, understanding us, like having somebody with whom you can have a deep interaction enough to where you can, they can help you to understand yourself and they also understand you. Like I have a sense that artificial intelligence systems can provide that as well, but humans, I think crave that from other human
thinking, of how to think, how to think creatively? Well, I mean, sometimes I will think through in a dream and try to interpret that. But I think the key issue that I would tell younger people is to put yourself in the position that what you're trying to create already exists. And then you're explaining, like... How it works. Exactly. That's really interesting. You paint a world that you would like to exist, you think it exists, and reverse engineer that. And then you actually imagine you're giving a speech about how you created this. Well, you'd have to then work backwards as to how you would create it in order to make it work. That's brilliant. And that requires some imagination too, some first principles thinking. You have to visualize that world. That's really interesting. And generally, when I talk about things we're trying to invent, I would use the present tense as if it already exists. Not just to give myself that confidence, but everybody else who's working on it. We just have to kind of do all the steps in order to make it actual. How mu
een digging for gold. They dig it out of the ground, they refine it and then they put it in a jewelry or a coin and then it just stays there. It gets melted down into new other forms. The jewelry gets turned into coins or coins get turned into bars. But it's just stockpiles that are accumulating. On the other hand, every year we get better at our technology of looking for gold. There's more people all over the world. The population increases, the technology improves. So we keep finding more and more gold and we keep making the stockpiles bigger. However, because we're constantly adding to a stockpile that is not being devalued, sorry, that is not being consumed because there's no way of consuming gold. You can't eat it, you can't burn it, it doesn't rust. Because of that, we're constantly adding to a constantly growing stockpile. So if you look at the numbers, you see over the last 100 years, we've got pretty reliable data on gold production worldwide. We see that pretty much gold stockpiles increase at around one and a half to 2% per year, every 
knows? But I'm beginning to become more sympathetic to monarchy. So I'm an anarchist, monarchy. Which, what is that? Kings, royal. Oh, monarchy. Yeah. And I think. Wait, are you joking or not? No, I'm not joking. And I think, I mean, I think morally and intellectually, I'm an anarchist, but the reality is we find ourselves in a world in which a lot of people are not. And the question is, what is the thing that is going to provide you with more freedom? And I think, I'm recently coming around to the idea that monarchy might be the best way to provide people with the largest amount of freedom because to have a free society, you need a majority, perhaps, or a plurality of people to have a very strong understanding of libertarian ideas, to have a low time preference, to have a preference for the future. So you need a majority of the population to not decide to go and do something insane in order to continue to have a free society. You know, when a respiratory illness comes along, unfortunately, you know, the last couple of years showed that we, the vast
 hope so. I think this would be a terrible thing if it comes to pass. But I don't think, many people think that it is something that would undermine Bitcoin. Like a lot of common objection to Bitcoin is, well, governments are just gonna launch their own digital currencies and then Bitcoin is gonna die. And I think this is completely missing the point. People think Bitcoin is important because it's digital. It's not. National currencies can be digital. Bitcoin is important because it's not inflationary and because nobody controls it. Central bank digital currencies are likely to be very inflationary and they're likely to have very strong control at the top. So if anything, they are an advertisement for Bitcoin rather than a replacement for it. If it's Bitcoin, if it's gold, it's a way for multiple nations to partake. So if you were to imagine a future where we move from the fiat standard back to the gold standard and then to the Bitcoin standard or skipping that, going directly to the Bitcoin standard, what would it take? Is it gradual, is
 topics of ethics or, yeah, like you said, the interactive elements as opposed to, no, no, no, we have to zoom in on the brain, study what the human brain, the baby, the... Let's study what a brain does. Does. And then we can decide which parts of that we wanna recreate in some system, but until you have that theory about what the brain does, what's the point, you know, it's just, you're gonna be wasting time, I think. Right, just to break it down on the artificial neural network side, maybe you could speak to this on the biological neural network side, the process of learning versus the process of inference. Maybe you can explain to me, is there a difference between, you know, in artificial neural networks, there's a difference between the learning stage and the inference stage. Do you see the brain as something different? One of the big distinctions that people often say, I don't know how correct it is, is artificial neural networks need a lot of data. They're very inefficient learning. Do you see that as a correct distinction from the biology of th
 is it to just believe and dream and actually be taking steps towards it to colonizing Mars when most people are like, that's the stupidest idea ever. Yeah. Well, I'm, I'm in agreement with you on that. You know, two things, you know, one is it reminds me of Ben Franklin who in his autobiography, you know, has a similarly childish in the best sense of the word, unbridled imagination for what might become, you know, Ben Franklin's like, yeah, I got electricity. That's cool, but we'll be levitating soon. And I, we can't even begin to imagine what we are capable of. And of course, people are like, dude, that's crazy. And there's a guy with it's FCS Schiller, some humanistic guy at the beginning of the 20th century. He's like, you know, lots of things that people think about may appear to be absurd to the point of obscene. But the reality is historically every fantastic innovation has generally been initiated by someone who was condemned for being a lunatic. And it's not that anything is possible, but surely things that we don't try will never manifest as pos
onscious. So it's got something to do with what's going on in your brain. A chicken has one three hundredth of the size of the brain that you have ants. I don't know how small it is. Maybe it's a millionth the size my best guess which I may well be wrong about because this is so hard is that in some relevant sense the chicken is experiencing consciousness to a less degree than the human and the ants significantly less again. I don't think it's as little as three hundredth as much. I think there's everyone who's ever seen a chicken that's there's evolutionary reasons for thinking that like the ability to feel pain comes on the scene relatively early on and we have lots of our brain that's dedicated stuff that doesn't seem to have to do in anything to do with consciousness language processing and so on. So it seems like the easy so there's a lot of complicated questions there that we can't ask the animals about but it seems that there is easy questions in terms of suffering which is things like factory farming that could be address
do we not have a connection between a gene and a disease, but we have a connection between a genetic region and a disease? The reason for that is that 93% of genetic variants that are associated with disease don't impact the protein at all. So if you look at the human genome, there's 20,000 genes, there's 3.2 billion nucleotides. Only 1.5% of the genome codes for proteins. The other 98.5% does not code for proteins. If you now look at where are the disease variants located, 93% of them fall in that outside the genes portion. Of course, genes are enriched, but they're only enriched by a factor of three. That means that still 93% of genetic variants fall outside the proteins. Why is that difficult? Why is that a problem? The problem is that when a variant falls outside the gene, you don't know what gene is impacted by that variant. You can't just say, oh, it's near this gene, let's just connect that variant to the gene. And the reason for that is that the genome circuitry is very often long range. So you basically have that genetic variant that could sit in the intron
l it performs on the task. But a lot of performance measurement is done by so called perplexity, which is essentially the same as complexity or compression length. So the NLP community develops new systems and then they measure the compression length and then they have ranking and leaks because there's a strong correlation between compressing well, and then the system's performing well at the task at hand. It's not perfect, but it's good enough for them as an intermediate aim. So you mean a measure, so this is kind of almost returning to the common goal of complexity. So you're saying good compression usually means good intelligence. Yes. So you mentioned you're one of the only people who dared boldly to try to formalize the idea of artificial general intelligence, to have a mathematical framework for intelligence, just like as we mentioned, termed AIXI, A, I, X, I. So let me ask the basic question. What is AIXI? Okay, so let me first say what it stands for because... What it stands for, actually, that's probably the more basic question. What 
entioned sleep, but the wildest experience, which is psychedelics, is there, and there's been quite a few studies now that are being approved and run, which is exciting from a scientific perspective on psychedelics. Do you think, what do you think happens to the brain on psychedelics? And how can data about this help us understand it? And when you're on DMT, do you see Ls? And can we convert that into data? Can you add aliens in there? Yeah, aliens, definitely. Do you actually meet aliens? And Ls, are Ls the aliens? I'm asking for a few Austin friends, yeah, that are convinced that they've actually met the Ls. What are Ls like? Are they friendly? Are they help? I haven't met them personally. Are they like the smurfs of like they're industrious and they have different skill sets and? Yeah, I think they're very, they're very critical as friends. They're trolls. The Ls are trolls. No, but they care about you. So there's a bunch of different version of trolls. There's loving trolls that are harsh on you, but they want you to be better. And there's trolls that j
e idea of perfection and I know I will never achieve it, but I will never stop trying to. So similar to you, which sounds weird because there's all these videos of me on the internet. So I think I just naturally lean into the things I'm afraid of and I'm uncomfortable doing. Like I'm very afraid of talking to people and just even before talking to you today, just a lot of anxiety and all those kinds of things. About talking to me? Yeah, yeah. Oh, I like. Nervousness. Fear in some cases, self doubt and all those kinds of things. But I do it anyway. So the reason I bring that up is you've launched a podcast. I have. Allow me to say, I think you're a great science communicator. So this challenge of being afraid or cautious of being in the public eye and yet having a longing to communicate some of the things you're excited about in the space of sleep and beyond. What's your vision with this project? I think firstly to that question, like you, I am always more afraid of not trying than trying. Yeah. That to me frightens me more. But with the podcas
it? How does it compare to competing options? And in the case with brain interfaces, when I started the company, there was no known path to even build a technology that could potentially become mainstream. And then once we figured out the technology, we could even, we could commence having conversations with investors and it became, what is the killer app? And so what has been, so I funded the first $53 million for the company. And to raise the round of funding, the first one we did, I spoke to 228 investors. One said yes, it was remarkable. And it was mostly around this concept around what is a killer app. And so internally, the way we think about it is, we think of the go to market strategy much more like the Drake equation, where if we can build technology It's human, it's our own selves, which we have not been able to scaffold. We are the one part of this intelligence infrastructure that remains unchanged. Is there something you could say about coupling this brain data with not just the basic human experience, but say an experience, you m
my wife, I occasionally remind her of how many Bitcoin we could have had if I bought her Bitcoin with the price of the diamond ring. What's the downside of, by the way, diamonds from the analysis of like gold and so on? Ah, that's a great question. Arguably, diamonds are a scam. Because they became popular as a thing in marriage after gold was banned, after gold ownership was banned in the US in the 1930s and in many places around the world. So before that, you'd give gold. And the reason you'd give gold in a dowry, in a wedding is because it wasn't just that it's pretty and shiny, it's because it's money. And so if you die, your wife can take the gold and she can live off of it. It's a demonstration that you're giving her something valuable. And that's because nobody can make a lot more gold. It has the high stock to flow ratio. But then they banned gold ownership, or they allowed people to only own very tiny quantities of gold. And that's when the diamond industry stepped in and marketed diamonds as the thing that you need to give. But the proble
dn't consider me for a job. And I, well, a few things. I'm lucky because I go to Princeton, I'm like, I don't know what I want to do. And then two days later I go to Skidmore and I'm like, I don't know what I want to do. And they offer me a job later that day, which I declined for months because of the extraordinary pressure of my mentors who right mindedly felt that I wouldn't get much done there. But what they told me at Skidmore was take your time, show up for your classes and don't molest barnyard animals and you'll probably get tenure. And I'm like, I'll show up for my classes. We'll talk about it. That was the negotiation. Yeah, I negotiated, I drove a hard bargain. But honestly, Lex, that's, I feel I'm very committed to Skidmore because I was given tenure when our first terror management paper wasn't published. It took eight years to publish. It was rejected at every journal. And I submitted it as like a purple ditto sheet thing. I'm like, here's what I've been doing. Here's the reviews. Here's why I think this is still a pretty good idea. And I don't k
s all thought, including Marx, was enough for people, then we would never, we wouldn't have any religions. We wouldn't have any, like there would be no, we wouldn't have narratives and myths and all this kind of stuff. It would not, it just, I'm sorry, there is no, there's nothing about history that supports the idea that rationality will overcome all. There's something about Ben Shapiro's facts don't care about your feelings, that feels to be miss, feels to be missing something fundamental about human nature. It's not clear to me exactly what is missing. To give old Ben a fair shake. And I don't know Ben Shapiro. I don't really listen to Ben Shapiro, not against Ben Shapiro. I don't, I'm not here to say anything particularly bad about him. Although I will say at one time, Tom Arnold was seemingly trying to pick an actionable fight with Ben Shapiro. In the ring. Or in the. Somewhere, yeah. And I just, and I actually responded, I like, and I tried to get him to clarify, I said, hey, are you saying that you want to fight Ben Shapiro, that you're looking to act
er phenomenon, which is not one person shooting or even 10 bombs. You'd have to have some automated system that detonates a million bombs or whatever many thousands we have. So extreme evil combined with extreme competence. And to start with building some stupid system that would automatically, Dr. Strangelove type of thing, you know, I mean, look, we could have some nuclear bomb go off in some major city in the world. I think that's actually quite likely, even in my lifetime. I don't think that's an unlikely thing. And it'd be a tragedy. But it won't be an existential threat. And it's the same as, you know, the virus of 1917, whatever it was, you know, the influenza. These bad things can happen and the plague and so on. We can't always prevent them. We always try, but we can't. But they're not existential threats until we combine all those crazy things together. So on the spectrum of intelligence from zero to human, do you have a sense of whether it's possible to create several orders of magnitude or at least double that of human intelligence? Talking a
s your question, but that's how I see it. I do feel like, you know, I get invited to speak to Marine Corps groups and things like that all the time, and I decline because I don't really feel like I'm a spokesman for the warrior class or anything like that. That's not what's interesting about it to me. But didn't you just say, with war as a metaphor, that we're all essentially, in various ways, warriors? If we think of it in terms of Jungian archetypes, and think of our life at least as males, and the earliest archetypes that kick in are the youth and the wanderer and the student and that kind of thing, and then at some point around age 15 to 20, whatever, the warrior archetype kicks in, and we want to play football, we want to do martial arts, we want to join the special forces, we want to hang out with our buddies, that's our great bond, we want to test ourselves against adversity and so on and so forth. But at some point, that archetype, we move beyond that archetype, and we become fathers and teachers and so on and so forth. And then there are m
By the time he gets to 2045, we'll be able to multiply our intelligence many millions fold. And it's just very hard to imagine what that will be like. The following is a conversation with Ray Kurzweil, author, inventor, and futurist, who has an optimistic view of our future as a human civilization, predicting that exponentially improving technologies will take us to a point of a singularity beyond which superintelligent artificial intelligence will transform our world in nearly unimaginable ways. 18 years ago, in the book Singularity is Near, he predicted that the onset of the singularity will happen in the year 2045. He still holds to this prediction and estimate. In fact, he's working on a new book on this topic that will hopefully be out next year. This is the Lex Friedman podcast. To support it, please check out our sponsors in the description. And now, dear friends, here's Ray Kurzweil. In your 2005 book titled The Singularity is Near, you predicted that the singularity will happen in 2045. So now, 18 years later, do you still estimate that the singula
 the downside of exploration is that somehow, maybe you can correct me, but somehow you don't get to experience deeply any one of the particular moments, but that could be a psychology thing. That could be just a very human peculiar, flaw. Yeah, I didn't mean that you superficially explore. I mean, you can. Explore deeply. Yeah, so you don't have to explore 100 things, but maybe a few topics where you can take a deep enough dive that you gain an understanding. You yourself have to decide at some point that this is deep enough. And I obtained what I can from this topic and now it's time to move on. And that might take years. People sometimes switch careers and they may stay on some career for a decade and switch to another one. You can do it. You're not pretty determined to stay where you are, but in order to achieve something, 10,000 hours makes, you need 10,000 hours to become an expert on something. So you don't have to become an expert, but they even develop an understanding and gain the experience that you can use later. You probably have to spend, li
 gifted us the architecture and the capacity to do that. What we do with that is what life's experience dictates. She gives us the blueprint to do many. Well, if I were to sort of introspect and self analyze what mother nature wants me to do, I think given my current lifestyle that I have food in the fridge and a bed to sleep on, I think what mother nature wants me to do is to be lazy. And so I think I'm actually resisting mother nature because so many of my needs are satisfied. And so I have to resist some of the natural forces of the body and the mind when I do some of the things I do. So there's that dance, like I've been thinking about doing a startup and that's obviously going against everything that my body and mind are telling me to do because it's going to be basically suffering. But the only reason I want... As you know, it will be over. Yes, but nevertheless, there's some kind of inner drive that wants me to do it. And then you start to ask a question, well, how do you optimize the things you can't optimize like sleep, like diet
k, Google Brain, I think DeepMind, oh actually, Aaron van der Oort has great work on the CPC objective. So many teams are doing exciting work and I think this is a way to generate infinite label data and I find this a very exciting piece of unsupervised learning. So long term you think that's going to unlock a lot of power in machine learning systems is this kind of unsupervised learning. I don't think there's a whole enchilada, I think it's just a piece of it and I think this one piece unsupervised, self supervised learning is starting to get traction. We're very close to it being useful. Well, word embedding is really useful. I think we're getting closer and closer to just having a significant real world impact maybe in computer vision and video but I think this concept and I think there'll be other concepts around it. You know, other unsupervised learning things that I worked on I've been excited about. I was really excited about sparse coding and ICA, slow feature analysis. I think all of these are ideas that various of us were wo
t way for us to talk about and give an overview of what catch is in the simplest terms is think of collegiate wrestling with submissions. That is essentially what catch is. And it's not surprising because collegiate wrestling is actually derived from catch as catch can. It's just that over time certain aspects were removed from the competition structure so that they became null elements, things that were discarded. But it's funny that you can take a high level amateur collegiate types and you can show them a move and then add a little bit to it and go, oh, well, hey, that was just like what we already do here, but except, oh, I didn't know you could take it all the way to this point. Or things of that nature, especially when it comes to professional wrestling, teaching people like, no, I know you're just using this in a show, but this is actually a real move and here's how it really feels. And so collegiate wrestling and wrestling in general for people who are not aware is basically two people start on their feet and they have to sco
ng up aliens every single conversation. So I don't know how you would know what the Drake equation is, but you mean like the killer app, it would be one alien civilization in that equation. So meaning like this is in search of an application that's impactful, transformative. By the way, it should be, we need to come up with a better term than killer app as a. It's also violent, right? It's very violent. You can go like viral app, that's horrible too, right? It's some very inspiringly impactful application. How about that? No. Yeah. Okay, so ballistic with killer app, that's fine. Nobody's. But I concur with you. I dislike the chosen words in capturing the concept. You know, it's one of those sticky things that is as effective to use in the tech world. But when you now become a communicator outside of the tech world, especially when you're talking about software and hardware and artificial intelligence applications, it sounds horrible. Yeah, no, it's interesting. I actually regret now having called attention to cyber regret having used that word in this
value. So how do you measure that? I do a temporal sampling over some duration of time. So I'll think through how I feel over a week, over a month, over three months. I don't do a temporal sampling of if I'm at the grocery store in front of a cereal box and be like, you know what, Captain Crunch is probably the right thing for me today because I'm feeling like I need a little fun in my life. And so it's a temporal sampling. If the data sets large enough, then I smooth out the function of my natural oscillations of how I feel about life where some days I may feel upset or depressed or down or whatever. And I don't want those moments to then rule my decision making. That's why the demotion happens. And it says, really, if you're looking at health over a 90 day period of time, all my 200 voices speak up on that interval. And they're all given voice to say, this is how I'm doing and this is what I want. And so it really is an accounting system for everybody. So that's why I think that if you think about the future of being human, there's two things I 
s closer to the things I'm thinking about is Jack Dorsey with Twitter. To me, Twitter has enabled an incredible platform of communication, and yet the biggest thing that people talk about is not how incredible this platform is. They essentially use the platform to complain about the censorship of a few individuals as opposed to how amazing it is. Now, you should talk about how shady the wifi is and how censorship or the removal of Donald Trump from the platform is a bad thing, but it feels like we don't talk about the positive impacts at scale of these technologies. Can you explain why and is there a way to fix it? I don't know if we can fix it. I think we are beings of high neuroticism for the most part as a personality trait. Not everyone, but most people. And as a compliment to that, if someone says 10 nice things about you and one insult, you're more bothered by the insult than you're pleased by the nice things, especially if the insult is somewhat true. So you have these media, these vehicles, Twitter is one you mentioned, where t
 have some personal questions for Bitcoin then, because I have some, my life is pretty fucked up, so I'll have to try to see. A quick pause for bathroom breaking, any? Sure. Let's return to the basics. What is Bitcoin? We started with what is money, what is Bitcoin? We talked about hard money, inflation, fiat, the history of money, the history of war in the 20th century, and that takes us into the 21st century. What is Bitcoin? Bitcoin is a software, and it's a distributed software to operate peer to peer network between members who are all equal on the network, they're all peers. And what this software does is that it allows you to operate a payment network between those peers, and that payment network has its own currency. And that seems like just a simple software game, but the reason this is such a big deal is, I believe Bitcoin is the most advanced form of money ever invented. And the reason for that comes from two properties that this network has. The first one is that the currency is the hardest money ever invented. It's the money whose s
 to burn to death. What do you make of that decision? What do you make of that situation? Those people who jumped, those were acts of sheer desperation. I've been in fires and just minor burns, but minor in situation. But I've been trapped, caught somewhat. Ended up in a burn center for nothing serious at all. But for those brief seconds, half a minute was, thank God, if I didn't have my fire gear on, I would have been burned to a very, very horrible level. Those people were burning alive. And they had the choice of either to stay there and burn alive or to launch themselves. And some of them, I don't fault them, but they had a few folks, they won't show it anymore because they say, I don't know why it offends some people, but they had a couple folks that took umbrellas and they took garbage bags because they thought that it would slow down their acceleration rate to the ground and maybe, just maybe they wouldn't be killed. And that's, to me, a true sense of desperation for humanity to say, I'm going to die either way, but let me take my chance. A
 computational resources, then the next and very good question is, could we improve it by including computational resources, but nobody was able to do that so far in an even halfway satisfactory manner. I like that, that in the long run, the right department to belong to is philosophy. That's actually quite a deep idea, or even to at least to think about big picture philosophical questions, big picture questions, even in the computer science department. But you've mentioned approximation. Sort of, there's a lot of infinity, a lot of huge resources needed. Are there approximations to IXE that within the IXE framework that are useful? Yeah, we have developed a couple of approximations. And what we do there is that the Solomov induction part, which was find the shortest program describing your data, we just replace it by standard data compressors. And the better compressors get, the better this part will become. We focus on a particular compressor called context tree weighting, which is pretty amazing, not so well known. It has beautiful th
l why that signal should exist. I mean, is it possible that aliens are communicating with us via gravity? Like why not? Well, yeah, it's true. Why not? For us, it's very hard to detect these gravitational effects. They have to come from something pretty that has a lot of gravity like black holes, but we're pretty primitive at this stage. There's very reputable physicists that look for a fifth force, one that we haven't found yet. Maybe it's the key. What would a fifth force of physics look like exactly? Well, usually they think it's probably a longer range force than we have now. But there are reputable colleagues of mine that spend their life looking for a fifth force. So longer range than gravity? Yeah. Super long? It doesn't fall off like one over r squared, but maybe separately. Gravity, Newton taught us, goes like inversely one over the square of the distance apart you are. So it falls pretty fast. That's okay. So now we have a theory of what consciousness is. It's just the fifth force of physics. Yeah. There we go. That's a good hypothesis. Speaki
ind of extending our limbs. But it could also be extending some aspect of our minds, some information, all those kinds of things. And it could be cyborgs, it could be, it could be... No, we're talking, not getting the fun. It could be, you know, it could be human brains or cells that realize something like human brain architecture within artificial environments, you know, shells, if you like, that are more adapted to the conditions of space. And that, yeah, so that's entirely man machine hybrids, as well as sort of remote outposts that we can communicate with. I think those will happen. Yeah, to me, there's some sense in which, as opposed to understanding the physics of the fundamental fabric of the universe, I think getting to the physics of life, the physics of intelligence, the physics of consciousness will, the physics of information that brings, from which life emerges, that will allow us to do space exploration. Yeah, well, I think physics in the larger sense has a lot to contribute here. Not the physics of finding fundamental new laws in the
 up to spend part of, I mean, to try to address that in coming years. One version of asking that question, just as you said now, is what is the simplest formulation of that to study? I think I'm much more comfortable with the idea of studying self awareness as opposed to consciousness, because that sort of gets rid of the mystical aura of the thing. And self awareness is in simple, you know, I think contiguous at least with ideas about feedback. So if you have a system that looks at its own state and responds to it, that's a kind of self awareness. And more sophisticated versions could be like in information processing things, computers that look into their own internal state and do something about it. And I think that could also be done in neural nets. This is called recurrent neural nets, which are hard to understand and kind of a frontier. So I think understanding those and gradually building up a kind of profound ability to conceptualize different levels of self awareness. What do you have to not know? And what do you have to 
hia versus Sunni. Right. Yeah. Yeah. You think there'll be a Karl Marx painting of Josh Barnett one day with the beard and is that basically what you're trying to say? I hope so. I will actually comb my hair, unlike Marx, but... Chaos has a charm to it. It does, it does. I mean, we all thought Doc Brown in Back to the Future was quite charming. You have to throw that into the calculation where they fought. Yes. This is the interesting thing. And the rules that they fought under. Some guy like Eerov Chanchin won a 32 man tournament or something like that. I go, okay. Steepa and Daniel Cormier are awesome and they will for sure be revered for their careers. 100%. Can you say that they're particularly even better overall than Eerov Chanchin? Well, maybe one of them could have beat them. Maybe one of them wouldn't have. Maybe Eerov would have got them with the knuckles right away. Well, maybe if they fought them in pride, they wouldn't have won. Maybe if they fought them bare knuckle, they wouldn't won. I don't know. And there's something about the chaos, like do
nitial conditions, which may hopefully be simple. And then you just run it and then you would reproduce the universe. But that's spoiled by noise or by chaotic systems or by initial conditions, which may be complex. So now if we don't take the whole universe, but just a subset, just take planet Earth. Planet Earth cannot be compressed into a couple of equations. This is a hugely complex system. So interesting. So when you look at the window, like the whole thing might be simple, but when you just take a small window, then... It may become complex and that may be counterintuitive, but there's a very nice analogy. The book, the library of all books. So imagine you have a normal library with interesting books and you go there, great, lots of information and quite complex. So now I create a library which contains all possible books, say of 500 pages. So the first book just has A, A, A, A, A over all the pages. The next book A, A, A and ends with B and so on. I create this library of all books. I can write a super short program which creates this library
's a bar of what suffering is? And do you think one day we can eradicate suffering in our world? Yeah. Amongst humans? Let's talk humans for now. Talk humans. But in general, yeah, actually. So there's a colleague of mine calling the term abolitionism for the idea that we should just be trying to abolish suffering. And in the long run, I mean, I don't expect to anytime soon, but I think we can. I think that would require, you know, quite change, quite drastic changes to the way society is structured and perhaps even the, you know, the human, in fact, even changes to human nature. But I do think that suffering whenever it occurs is bad and we should want it to not occur. So there's a line. There's a gray area between suffering. Now I'm Russian. So I romanticize some aspects of suffering. There's a gray line between struggle, gray area between struggle and suffering. So one, do we want to eradicate all struggle in the world? So there's an idea, you know, that the human condition inherently has suffering in it and it's a creative force. It's a struggle of 
the family would lose everything. And even when I was a cop, same thing, you'd come back either to the police precinct or the firehouse or the EMS station. And someone would put together a collection and say, hey guys, hey Lex, 50 bucks a man, you know, the Smith's down the street, just lost everything, we're gonna go get some presents for the kids and some turkeys. And not one of those guys questioned that. And they were making 12.25 an hour and they still came up with 50 bucks for that family. But see, that's the stuff the press won't show you, right? They don't wanna show that humanity, that soft edge. See, when you're a warrior, you need to have this rough shield, this rough exterior. Cause if you don't, you die. But a true great firefighter or responder or a cop or military personnel, they have that rough exterior with that soft underbelly, that heart, right? And that's, to me, the true great ones. Some of them, they just have a hard time doing that. There's no shame in showing your soft side. Well, you got your dad to say I love you back. No, that was huge, ma
irst place using comparative genomics? How do you find the motifs that are the building blocks of gene regulation using comparative genomics? And how do you then find how these motifs come together and act in specific tissues using epigenomics? How do you link regulators to enhancers and enhancers to their target genes using epigenomics and regulatory genomics? So through the years we've basically built all this infrastructure for understanding what I like to say, every single nucleotide of the human genome and how it acts in every one of the major cell types and tissues of the human body. I mean, this is no small task. This is an enormous task that takes the entire field. And that's something that my group has taken on along with many other groups. And we have also, and that sort of a thing sets my group perhaps apart, we have also worked with specialists in every one of these disorders to basically further our understanding all the way down to disease and in some cases collaborating with pharma to go all the way down to 
ising. Maybe to take a small step back, you've mentioned all these puzzles that were figured out with the Nature paper for, I mean, you've mentioned a ton of diseases from obesity to Alzheimer's, even schizophrenia, I think you mentioned. What is the actual methodology of figuring this out? So indeed, I mentioned a lot of diseases and my lab works on a lot of different disorders. And the reason for that is that if you look at biology, it used to be zoology departments and botanology departments and virology departments and so on and so forth. And MIT was one of the first schools to basically create a biology department, like, oh, we're going to study all of life suddenly. Why was that even a case? Because the advent of DNA and the genome and the central dogma of DNA makes RNA makes protein in many ways, unified biology. You could suddenly study the process of transcription in viruses or in bacteria and have a huge impact on yeast and fly and maybe even mammals because of this realization of these common underlying processes. And in 
he minus the complexity of the program. And you weigh all this hypothesis and take this mixture, and then you get also the stochasticity in. Yeah, like many of your ideas, that's just a beautiful idea of weighing based on the simplicity of the program. I love that, that seems to me maybe a very human centric concept. It seems to be a very appealing way of discovering good programs in this world. You've used the term compression quite a bit. I think it's a beautiful idea. Sort of, we just talked about simplicity and maybe science or just all of our intellectual pursuits is basically the time to compress the complexity all around us into something simple. So what does this word mean to you, compression? I essentially have already explained it. So it compression means for me, finding short programs for the data or the phenomenon at hand. You could interpret it more widely, finding simple theories, which can be mathematical theories or maybe even informal, like just in words. Compression means finding short descriptions, explanations, prog
ustainable for the US. It's not sustainable for anybody. Speaking of which, so you do an amazing podcast called the Bitcoin Standard Podcast. So episode 108 of that podcast is about the very thing you just mentioned. And allow me please to read the description of that and then ask you a couple questions about your thoughts in general. The description reads, after the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the US confiscated the Russian central bank's significant monetary reserves and banned some Russian banks from the SWIFT network. Serious questions are being asked about the survival of the postwar dollar based world monetary order. Will Russia, China and other countries actually build an alternative international settlement system after years of threatening to do so? Question mark. Will global central banks stop accumulating US treasury bonds and replace them with gold and commodities? Will we witness the birth of a new commodity gold based monetary order? In this seminar, we use the insights from the Bitcoin Standard and the Fiat Standa
riticism are just occupying a like state of mind that I think is just so different from my state of mind that I kind of struggle to maybe even understand it where if something's manly or unmanly or feminine or unfeminine, I'm like, I don't care. Like, is it the right thing to do or the wrong thing to do? So let me put it not in terms of man or woman. I don't think that's useful, but I think there's a notion of acting out of fear as opposed to out of principle and strength. Yeah. So, okay. Yeah. Here's something that I do feel as an intuition and that I think drives some people who do find Canvaean Land attractive and so on as a philosophy, which is a kind of taking control of your own life and having power over how you're steering your life and not kind of kowtowing to others, you know, really thinking things through. I find like that set of ideas just very compelling and inspirational. I actually think of effect of altruism has really, you know, that side of my personality. It's like scratch that itch where you are just not taking the k
about it all I mean all of the animals in the animal world the living in like terrible poverty, right? Yeah. Yeah, so you have all the medical conditions all of that. I mean they're living horrible lives. It could be improved. That's a really interesting notion that I think may not even be useful to talk about because factory farming is such a big thing to focus on. Yeah, but it's nevertheless an interesting notion to think of all the animals in the wild as suffering in the same way that humans in poverty are suffering. Yeah, I mean and often even worse so many animals we produce by our selection. So you have a very large number of children in the expectation that only a small number survive. And so for those animals almost all of them just live short lives where they starve to death. So yeah, there's huge amounts of suffering in nature that I don't think we should you know pretend that it's this kind of wonderful paradise for most animals. Yeah, their life is filled with hunger and fear and disease. Yeah, I did agree with you entire
ng to back down. We're going to fight Germany. And perhaps that step alone is one of the biggest reasons that Hitler failed in his expansion. That decision to fight back, how, what's the right way to do that? If you're Winston Churchill, what's the right way to do that? If you're, to fight back evil when violence is required. Evil when violence is required. Now, you could argue that no war is just, but there is such a thing as a just war index. And a lot of people argue if there is a just war in the 20th century, it's World War II. So how would you fund, if you were Britain, the war? Would you require Winston Churchill to convince the populace? Don't fight until they're fully convinced that this is the right thing to do. You can't just make a decision for them. You have to convince them fully so that they give their life and they give their money to support the war. Is that the right way to do it? I think so. And I think when you have a true threat and a true evil and a true force that people really do think is genuine, you don't need to convince
hat the core one. I like how you avoided answering the second question, which a good intelligence system would. So my. That your own meaning of life and the reward function. My own meaning of life and reward function is to find an AGI to build it. Beautifully put. Okay, let's dissect the X even further. So one of the assumptions is kind of infinity keeps creeping up everywhere, which, what are your thoughts on kind of bounded rationality and sort of the nature of our existence and intelligence systems is that we're operating always under constraints, under limited time, limited resources. How does that, how do you think about that within the IXE framework, within trying to create an AGI system that operates under these constraints? Yeah, that is one of the criticisms about IXE, that it ignores computation and completely. And some people believe that intelligence is inherently tied to what's bounded resources. What do you think on this one point? Do you think it's, do you think the bounded resources are fundamental to intelligence? I wou
t. The most recent thing I read, it isn't actually fiction, was the woman, I can't remember her name, who got the Nobel Prize about within the last five years. I don't know whether she's Ukrainian or Russian, but there are interviews. Have you read that? Interview of Ukrainian survivors of... Well, I think she may be originally Ukrainian. The book's written in Russian and translated in English, and many of the interviews are in Moscow and places. But she won the Nobel Prize within the last five years or so. But what's interesting is that these are people of all different ages, all different occupations and so forth, and they're reflecting on their reaction to basically the present Soviet system, the system they lived with before. There's a lot of looking back by a lot of them with, well, it being much better before. Yeah. I don't know what... In America, we think we know the right answer, what it means to be, to build a better world. I'm not so sure. I think we're all just trying to figure it out. Yeah, there's... We're doing our best. I think you're right. Is t
m occurs and leads to a very rich theory that explains the Cronin Fish experiment and a lot of things that have been done subsequently has been used to make all kinds of successful predictions. So that's turned out to be a very rich interaction. It's esoteric and the effects only show up at accelerators and are small and so on, but they might've been very important in the early universe and lead to them be connected to the asymmetry between matter and antimatter in the present universe. And so, but that's another digression. The point is that that was fine. That was a triumph to say that there was one possible kind of interaction that would violate time reversal symmetry. And sure enough, there it is. But the other kind doesn't occur. So we still got a problem. Why doesn't it occur? So we're close to really finally understanding this profound gratuitous feature of the world that is almost but not quite symmetric under reversing the direction of time, but not quite there. And to understand that last bit is a challenging frontier of
h the robot, it does it good, you reward the robot and then train it to a new task, yeah, like a child, right? So you need the human in the loop. If you want a system, which is useful to the human. And as long as these agents stay subhuman level, that should work reasonably well, apart from these examples. It becomes critical if they become on a human level. It's like with children, small children, you have reasonably well under control, they become older, the reward technique doesn't work so well anymore. So then finally, so this would be agents, which are just, you could say slaves to the humans, yeah? So if you are more ambitious and just say, we want to build a new species of intelligent beings, we put them on a new planet and we want them to develop this planet or whatever. So we don't give them any reward. So what could we do? And you could try to come up with some reward functions like it should maintain itself, the robot, it should maybe multiply, build more robots, right? And maybe all kinds of things which you find useful, but that's pr
my perspective. Yeah, but I'm going to disagree with the notion that that's possible, but I would say most of the suffering in the world is not productive. So I would dream of effective altruism curing that suffering. Yeah, but then I would say that there is some suffering that is productive that we want to keep the because but that's not even the focus of because most of the suffering is just absurd and needs to be eliminated. So let's not even romanticize this usual notion I have, but nevertheless struggle has some kind of inherent value that to me at least, you're right. There's some elements of human nature that also have to be modified in order to cure all suffering. Yeah, I mean, there's an interesting question of whether it's possible. So at the moment, you know, most of the time we're kind of neutral and then we burn ourselves and that's negative and that's really good that we get that negative signal because it means we won't burn ourselves again. There's a question like could you design agents humans such that you're not hovering
lice. He just texted me asking me to ask you, what do you like best about Michael Malice? If you can spend five to 10 to 20 to an hour talking about the genius of Michael Malice, what do you like? Where does one even start? Well, obviously, the haircut first. Yeah, he just gets sexier with age, that's for sure. That's good. Do you know his ideas, his trolling and humor, have you gotten a chance to interact with him? Yes, yes, I've met Michael maybe 10, 12 years ago in New York. I used to live in New York when he used to live in New York. Met him a couple of times. There was a bunch of anarchists in New York used to throw a happy hour once a month. It was called the High Time Preference Hoppe Hour in honor of Hans Hermann Hoppe. So I met him there a couple of times and we followed each other on Twitter for a while. Is it interesting that you're aware of philosophical differences in your worldviews? No, I think we pretty much see eye to eye. I think the difference is mainly that he spends a lot of time focusing on American politics and American pop c
e I speak Russian fluently, I can understand often the translations lose a lot. I find the man putting morality aside very deep and interesting. And I found almost no interview with him to get at that depth. I was very hopeful for the Oliver Stone documentary and with him, and to me, because I deeply respect Oliver Stone as a filmmaker in general, but it was a complete failure in my eyes, that interview. The lack of, I mean, I suppose you could toss it up to a language barrier, but a complete lack of diving deep into the person is what I saw. My question is a strange one, but if you were to sit down with Putin and have a conversation, or perhaps if you were to sit down with Stalin and have a conversation, what kind of questions would you ask? This wouldn't be televised unless you want it to be. So this is only you, so you're allowed to ask about some of the questions that are sort of not socially acceptable, meaning putting morality aside, getting into depth of the human character. What would you ask? So once again, they're very differ
ck in time. Yeah. And so we can start to do what we call cosmology instead of astronomy or astrophysics. Cosmology is really the study of the evolution of the universe. And so then you can start to hope to get to the important problems having to do with how the universe began, how it evolved and so forth, which we really only study now with optical instruments or electromagnetic waves. And early in the universe, those were blocked because it was, basically it wasn't transparent. So the photons couldn't get out when everything was too dense. What do you think, sorry on this tangent, what do you think an understanding of gravitational waves from earlier in the universe can help us understand about the Big Bang and all that kind of stuff? Yeah. But it's a non, it's another perspective on the thing. Is there some insights you think could be revealed just to help a layman understand? Sure. First, we don't understand. We use the word Big Bang. We don't understand the physics of what the Big Bang itself was. So I think, and in the early stage, th
oes sometimes in people reinforce their craving for the unconstrained executive to quote, get things done or shake things up. Yes, that's true. But in the Russian case, I'm not sure it's cultural today. I think it might be more having to do with the failures, the functional failures of the kind of political system that they tried to institute after the Soviet collapse. And so it may be frustration with the version of constraints on executive power they got and how it didn't work the way it was imagined, which has led to a sense in which nonconstrained executive power could fix things. But I'm not sure that that's a majority sentiment in the Russian case, although it's hard to measure because under authoritarian regimes, a public opinion is shaped by the environment in which people live, which is very constrained in terms of public opinion. But on that point, why at least from a distance does there seem to nevertheless be support for the current Russian president Vladimir Putin? Is that have to do with the fact that measuring, gettin
referring to as LIGO, the Laser Interferometer Gravitational Wave Observatory. What is LIGO? Can you just elaborate kind of the big picture view here before I ask you specific questions about it? Yeah. So in the same idea that I just said, we have two long vacuum pipes, four kilometers long. We start with a laser beam and we divide the beam going down the two arms. And we have a mirror at the other end, reflects it back. It's more subtle, but we bring it back. If there's no distortion in space time and the lengths are exactly the same, which we calibrate them to be, then when it comes back, if we just invert one signal compared to the other, they'll just cancel. So we see nothing. Okay. But if one arm got a little bit longer than the other, then they don't come back at exactly the same time. They don't exactly cancel. That's what we measure. So to give a number to it, we have the change of length to be able to do this 10 to the minus 18 meters to one part in 10 to the 12th. And that was the big experimental challenge that required a lot of innovati
ted levels. So when you look at the average, it washes out some potentially important signal that corresponds to ultimately the disease. Completely. Yeah. So that, I can do that at the RNA level, but I can also do that at the DNA level for the epigenome. So remember how before I was telling you about all this technology that we're using to probe the epigenome, one of them is DNA accessibility. So what we're doing in my lab is that from the same dissociation of say a brain sample where you now have all these tens of thousands of cells floating around, you basically take half of them to do RNA profiling and the other half to do epigenome profiling, both at the single cell level. So that allows you to now figure out what are the millions of DNA enhancers that are accessible in every one of tens of thousands of cells. And computationally, we can now take the RNA and the DNA readouts and group them together to basically figure out how is every enhancer related to every gene. And remember these sort of enhancer gene linking that we 
patients are experiencing as they go into dementia, maybe it's not a symptom of the dementia. I wonder if it's a cause of the dementia. And at that point, which was, cough, cough, 20 years ago, no one could answer a very simple fundamental question. Why do we sleep? And I at the time didn't realize that some of the most brilliant minds in scientific history had tried to answer that question and failed. And at that point, I just thought, well, I'm going to go and do a couple of years of sleep research and I'll figure out why we sleep. And then I'll come back to my patients in this question of dementia. And as I said, that was 20 years ago. And what I realized is that hard questions care very little about who asks them. They will meter out their lessons of difficulty all the same. And I was schooled in the difficulty of the question, why do we sleep? But in truth, 20 years later, we've had to upend the question rather than saying, why do we sleep? And by the way, the answer then was that we sleep to cure sleepiness, which is like saying, we eat to cure
pent years of their life somehow had to convince themselves that dropping these bombs would bring lasting peace and that it didn't. Yeah. As a small, interesting aside, it'd be interesting to hear if you have opinions on this. His name is also attached to the Fermi Paradox, which asks if there is a, you know, it's a very interesting question, which is if it does seem if you sort of reason basically that there should be a lot of alien civilizations out there. If the human species, if Earth is not that unique by basic, no matter the values you pick, it's likely that there's a lot of alien civilizations out there. And if that's the case, why have they not at least obviously visited us or sent us loud signals that everybody can hear? Fermi's quoted as saying, sitting down at lunch, I think it was with Teller and Herb York, who was kind of one of the fathers of the atomic bomb. And he sat down and he said something like, where are they? Which meant, where are these other? And then he did some numerology where he calculated, you know, how many, wha
 understand, maybe that's just the dynamics of the community by nature. It's not like you respond appropriately to the amount of charlatans in the community. So if the fraction of charlatans is low, maybe you can afford to be more loving and kind and so on. And when the fraction of charlatans is high, you have to be harsher. Perhaps, perhaps. But I think also the stakes are extremely high in this situation. And I think if you don't like Bitcoiners, if you think Bitcoiners are toxic, wait till you meet fiaters. The fiat community has financed world wars and genocides and tyrants and the mass death and destruction. The fiat community, if you wanna use that term, I don't believe that you should, but I mean, fiat has destroyed the savings of pretty much anybody who's lived through the last 20th century. Pretty much anybody who's lived through the 20th century, no matter where you lived, Switzerland, US, Ethiopia, Russia, you've gone through fiat problems. You've had hyperinflation, you've had bank confiscation. There isn't a family in the world today tha
o whatever you want, uh, in the frame of that story. Um, but if you don't have that, um, then you got nothing. What about having like, uh, which you do at a technological scientific rigor, like to the, to the accuracy and as much as possible, how does that add to the, to, to Bob telling the story or telling the story about Bob or on the campfire? Well, the main thing that it does is, um, present, um, little details that you might not have come up with on your own. So if you're just sitting there freely imagining things, um, you, uh, you, your, your brain probably isn't going to serve up the wealth of details and the resulting complications and surprises that real, that the real world is constantly presenting us with. And so, um, in my case, if I'm, um, trying to write a story about, you know, some that involves some technology like a rocket or, uh, orbital maneuvers or whatever, then delving into those details eventually is going to turn up some weird unexpected, you know, thing that, uh, gives me material to work with, but also subliminally readers who se
ed and the thing has continued to operate now for almost 12 years without him being there or 11 years I think it's been since he's left. And this is really the most important thing. And maybe he died or she died or they got into an accident on a road trip or whatever and that's why they haven't accessed their coins. Maybe they're incapacitated for some reason. But whatever reason it is, I really think it's fate or serendipity that has given us this very vital, very, very, very vital building ingredient in Bitcoin which no other digital currency would ever recreate, which is that because it was the first, it was the one that was able to establish the first mover advantage and get all of the people who are interested in the technology to get into it. And so that's an enormous advantage, but the cherry on top or what made the whole thing really function well is the fact that the guy who made it disappeared and that it continued to operate, which is just a clear illustration that this is a network with no admins. And I'm tempted to think 
ll that have a component in this or will most of our advancement be in physical reality? Well, that's a little bit like Second Life, although the Second Life actually didn't work very well because it couldn't actually handle too many people. And I don't think the metaverse has come to being. I think there will be something like that. It won't necessarily be from that one company. I mean, there's gonna be competitors. But yes, we're gonna live increasingly online, and particularly if our brains are online. I mean, how could we not be online? Do you think it's possible that given this merger with AI, most of our meaningful interactions will be in this virtual world most of our life? We fall in love, we make friends, we come up with ideas, we do collaborations, we have fun. I actually know somebody who's marrying somebody that they never met. I think they just met her briefly before the wedding, but she actually fell in love with this other person, never having met them. And I think the love is real, so. That's a beautiful story, but do you think th
rhymes at the very least. Yeah. Being who I am, I tend to focus on the curious technological things that happened in conjunction with that war. Which may not be where you want to go. Well, there's several things. Sorry to interrupt. So one in Cryptonomicon is more like the Alan Turing side of things, right? And then there's the outside of technology. First of all, there's the tools of war, which is a kind of technology. But then there's just like the human nature, the nature of good and evil. Yeah. Well, so one of the things that emerges from the war and from the extermination camps is that we were never allowed to have illusions anymore about human nature. So you have to learn that lesson to be an educated person, and you have to know that even in a supposedly enlightened, civilized society, people can become monsters quite easily. So that is for sure the big takeaway. Do you agree with Solzhenitsyn about the line between good and evil runs through the heart of every man? Yeah. That all of us are capable? Great line. Yeah. Of evil? I read a 
press, take away their ability to print money. I think we'd have had a much, much, much better 20th century. Yeah, the counterfactual history. Neil Ferguson is a historian who gets in quite a bit of trouble. Basically, well, he's a Brit, suggesting that if Britain stayed out of World War I, there would be no Hitler, there would be no World War II. Yep, I agree entirely. But fiat money. Yeah, so how fiat money was born. Yeah, let's get back to that. So they financed the war with that money. So what could go wrong? That's where we left off. Well, what could go wrong when you've just printed an enormous amount of credit and used it to buy bonds? What goes wrong is that the value of the currency is going to go down. Or in other words, prices of things are gonna go up. So during the war, prices keep going up. And this is, of course, this is gonna sound very familiar to victims of the 20th century. A government tells you it's because of the war, it's not our fault, it's because of the Germans, it's because of the foreigners, it's because of Putin, it's because of this
rong things. But I don't think you can escape the fundamental reality underlying this, which is that if you're not Jewish, you are being moved out of the land. And so it's happened in 1947, 48, happened in 1976, 1967, more land was taken over by Israel. Now you see it with the settlements. You know, if you ignore the day to day headlines and you ignore the media propaganda and you ignore all of this, there's a very clear thing that is happening, which is more land owned by an exclusive ideology that believes this land needs to be owned by people from one religion and everybody else is being kicked out. And so that is the tragedy of my life. And my wife is also a Palestinian refugee from Lebanon and her family was evicted from Jaffa, which is today on the outskirts of Tel Aviv. They still have their homes in Jaffa. Their homes are being, you know, they got kicked out of their homes and their lands and their property. They became refugees in Lebanon. So my children, you know, it's an ongoing tragedy. It's not something that is, a lot of the people that thi
ge language models today. If it appears to be conscious, that's as good as being conscious, at least for you, in some sense. I mean, consciousness is not something that's scientific. I mean, I believe you're conscious, but it's really just a belief, and we believe that about other humans that at least appear to be conscious. When you go outside of shared human assumption, like are animals conscious? Some people believe they're not conscious. Some people believe they are conscious. And would a machine that acts just like a human be conscious? I mean, I believe it would be. But that's really a philosophical belief. You can't prove it. I can't take an entity and prove that it's conscious. There's nothing that you can do that would indicate that. It's like saying a piece of art is beautiful. You can say it. Multiple people can experience a piece of art as beautiful, but you can't prove it. But it's also an extremely important issue. I mean, imagine if you had something where nobody's conscious. The world may as well not exist. And so some people, like say M
eah, so my point is nothing to do with intelligence. Intelligence is a separate component and there's a sense of time related to them. Some don't, but most things do actually. So it's sort of infused throughout the models of the world. You build a model of the world, you're learning the structure of the objects in the world, and you're also learning how those things change through time. Okay, so it really is just a fourth dimension that's infused deeply, and you have to make sure that your models of intelligence incorporate it. So, like you mentioned, the state of neuroscience is deeply empirical, a lot of data collection. It's, you know, that's where it is. You mentioned Thomas Kuhn, right? Yeah. And then you're proposing a theory of intelligence, and which is really the next step, the really important step to take, but why is HTM, or what we'll talk about soon, the right theory? So is it more in the, is it backed by intuition? Is it backed by evidence? Is it backed by a mixture of both? Is it kind of closer to where string theory is in physics, wher
e productive. And that is always a condition. It's not something that we build and let run and it becomes an entity of its own that doesn't care about us. Now, of course, really find the future, maybe that might be possible, but not in the foreseeable future when we are building it. And therefore we always in a position of limiting what it can or cannot do. And your point about lying is very interesting. Even in these hyenas societies, for instance, when a number of these hyenas band together and they take a risk and steal the kill, there are always hyenas that hang back and don't participate in that risky behavior, but they walk in later and join the party after the kill. And there are even some that may be ineffective and cause others to have harm. So, and like I said, even bacteria cheat. And we see it in biology, there's always some element on opportunity. If you have a society, I think that is just because if you have a society, in order for society to be effective, you have to have this cooperation and you have to have trust. And i
nd hope to see you next time. But when it comes to gear, equipment, protective equipment, trucks, this couldn't get it. Just all the ways you could take care of people. I saw since 9 11, the wars in the Middle East have cost America over six trillion dollars. And the amount of that money that was spent on the soldiers, in this case the first responders, is minimal. Compared to it, yeah. Almost nothing. They, Lex, they closed down. I believe it's either seven or eight. In May of 2002, they closed down nine firehouses in New York City for budget reasons. We hadn't even finished cleaning up the World Trade Center site and they slashed the budget. And still to this day, have not reopened those firehouses. There's a million more people now living in New York City than there were in 2001. And the fire protection is way less than it was. And it's a sin. It's really a sin. Can I ask you a difficult question? So there's this famous photograph of a falling man. So many people had to decide when they're above the fire, in the fire, whether to jump out of the building or
maybe you can even predict your own action. I love that idea. But okay, this big framework, what is it, I mean, it's kind of a beautiful mathematical framework to think about artificial general intelligence. What can you, what does it help you into it about how to build such systems? Or maybe from another perspective, what does it help us in understanding AGI? So when I started in the field, I was always interested in two things. One was AGI, the name didn't exist then, what's called general AI or strong AI, and the physics theory of everything. So I switched back and forth between computer science and physics quite often. You said the theory of everything. The theory of everything, yeah. Those are basically the two biggest problems before all of humanity. Yeah, I can explain if you wanted some later time, why I'm interested in these two questions. Can I ask you in a small tangent, if it was one to be solved, which one would you, if an apple fell on your head and there was a brilliant insight and you could arrive at the solution to one, woul
say. So I'm gonna go attend your talk. So he sat in the very front row. Next to him was the director of the lab, Bruce Stillman. So these guys are in the front row of this auditorium. Nobody else in the auditorium wants to sit in the front row because there's Jim Watson and there's the director. And I gave a talk and then I had dinner with him afterwards. But there's a great picture of my colleague Subitai Amantak where I'm up there sort of like screaming the basics of this new framework we have. And Jim Watson's on the edge of his chair. He's literally on the edge of his chair, like intently staring up at the screen. And when he discovered the structure of DNA, the first public talk he gave was at Cold Spring Harbor Labs. And there's a picture, there's a famous picture of Jim Watson standing at the whiteboard with an overrated thing pointing at something, pointing at the double helix with his pointer. And it actually looks a lot like the picture of me. So there was a sort of funny, there's Arian talking about the brain and there's Jim Wa
long. It does give us a better chance to prolong life, yes. It gives us a chance to live on other planets. But even beyond that, I mean our solar system will disappear one day, just given enough time. So I don't know, I doubt we'll ever be able to travel to other things, but we could tell the stars, but we could send intelligent machines to do that. So you have an optimistic, a hopeful view of our knowledge of the echoes of human civilization living through the intelligent systems we create? Oh, totally. Well, I think the intelligent systems we create are in some sense the vessel for bringing them beyond Earth or making them last beyond humans themselves. How do you feel about that? That they won't be human, quote unquote? Who cares? Human, what is human? Our species are changing all the time. Human today is not the same as human just 50 years ago. What is human? Do we care about our genetics? Why is that important? As I point out, our genetics are no more interesting than a bacterium's genetics. It's no more interesting than a monkey's genetics. 
n those cells, at the single cell level using single cell profiling, and then relate all that vast amount of knowledge computationally with the thousands of traits that each of these of thousands of variants are perturbing. I mean, this is something we talked about, I think last time. So there's these effects at different levels that happen. You said at a single cell level, you're trying to see things that happen due to certain perturbations. And then it's not just like a puzzle of perturbation and disease. It's perturbation then effect at a cellular level, then at an organ level, a body, like, how do you disassemble this into like what your group is working on? You're basically taking a bunch of the hard problems in the space. How do you break apart a difficult disease and break it apart into problems that you, into puzzles that you can now start solving? So there's a struggle here. Super scientists love hard puzzles and they're like, oh, I want to build a method that just deconvolves the whole thing computationally. And that's very temp
cated polio. Second is that we just have great data on what works when it comes to global health. So we just know that bed nets protect children from prevent them from dying from malaria. And then the third is just that's extremely cost effective. So it costs $5 to buy one bed net, protects two children for two years against malaria. If you spend about $3,000 on bed nets, then statistically speaking, you're going to save a child's life. And there are other interventions too. And so given the people in such suffering and we have this opportunity to, you know, do such huge good for such low cost. Well, yeah, why not? So the individual. So for me today, if I wanted to look at poverty, how would I help? And I wanted to say, I think donating 10% of your income is a very interesting idea or some percentage or some setting a bar and sort of sticking to it. How do we then take the step towards the effective part? So you've conveyed some notions, but who do you give the money to? Yeah. So GiveWell, this organization I mentioned, well, it makes charity recommend
per is gonna go up so there will be a lot more copper mining than all the other metals, a lot of nickel companies and gold miners are gonna switch to focusing on copper, and then we're gonna dump an enormous amount of copper on the market. The value of copper is gonna crash, and the people who chose copper as money are just gonna end up with large warehouses of very cheap rusting metal. So that's a brilliant description, and that kind of pushes towards gold where the stock to flow ratio, I guess you would say is 1.5 to 2%, like you mentioned earlier. That would be like the inverse of the stock to flow. That's the supply growth rate, so the stock to flow is the inverse. It's around 60. 60, got it. But let me push back on, as somebody who likes human psychology, let me push back on the collective hallucination and the illusion. So that's for copper, but what about paper money? That's not, you can't smoke it, you can't eat it. It's just, it's supposed to represent, it's supposed to just be the medium of exchange, and in that sense, what role does collective 
he does because he wants to. Because his best friend was Captain Patty Brown. And his other best friend was Father Michael Judge, who was our chaplain, who was killed, literally blessing the victims at the site, had just given last rites to the firefighter I mentioned earlier, Danny, who was killed. And Father Judge was in the lobby of the building, giving a blessing, praying to God to please stop this. And he was struck by debris and he was killed. And Bobby goes on to elaborate about Father Judge's story. Father Judge used to walk the streets of New York City, helping AIDS patients just with whatever they needed. And he was a Franciscan friar. They wear sandals and a robe. They just live very humble lives. And it's just a common denominator is loving each other and helping each other, regardless of you know the person or not. And really, when you think about it, that's how America was made. We fought for independence. Stranger fought next to stranger and fought tyranny because they wanted freedom. They wanted to be able to live, love, pr
 knowing how to even clean and cook the game once you have it could be lethal. That's fascinating to think of that as a basic resource, the knowledge to attain the very low level things of water. Right, and we'll figure it out. We did it once before and we've done it over and over and over and over again. It's just costly. Yes, it has costs for sure. But when you think of how you look at the, well, we'll just deal with the first world of the West. You look at the pathway of Western civilization and its growth and then you look at how technology injected into it over time, how it magnifies things or pushes things at orders of magnitude faster and then the internet comes along and even faster. So you're watching industrial revolution to, what is it, the capacitor and then so on. It goes further and further. And as the internet and technology, especially on the electronic side of things, start increasing in capability, it massively outpaces even our necessity for it at times. It becomes, you know, plant obsolescence happens quicker and over 
ell yes, I'm in. So I went to one of their events and looked up what's it about. It's quite a fascinating philosophical and just a movement of ideas. So can you tell me what is effective altruism? Great, so the core of effective altruism is about trying to answer this question, which is how can I do as much good as possible with my scarce resources, my time and with my money? And then once we have our best guess answers to that, trying to take those ideas and put that into practice, and do those things that we believe will do the most good. And we're now a community of people, many thousands of us around the world, who really are trying to answer that question as best we can and then use our time and money to make the world better. So what's the difference between sort of classical general idea of altruism and effective altruism? So normally when people try to do good, they often just aren't so reflective about those attempts. So someone might approach you on the street asking you to give to charity. And if you're feeling altruistic, y
any archetypes beyond that towards the end. So I'm interested in the warrior archetype, but not to the be all and end all of everything else. In my book, The Virtues of War, have you read that? Well, there's a character named Telamon, who's actually, it's a long story, but when he's with Alexander's army, and when they arrive in India, he becomes fascinated by the gymnosophists, the fakirs, the naked wise men, the yogis. And he says to Alexander that these guys are warriors beyond what we are, even though they do nothing because they are inside their own selves all day long. If we go to the Six Day War, you write about, in Lionsgate, you write about the Six Day War in Israel. I think of the wars you've written about as the one we're still in many ways in the midst of today. Yes. So what is at the core of that conflict in Israel? The Israeli Palestinian conflict? I mean, today it's the Israeli Palestinian conflict, but it echoes of the same conflict in that part of the world with Israel. What is, in your sense, the nature of that conflict? What can w
. There was a stronger source, which was the black holes. Well, another ridiculous question. So you say waves. What does a wave mean? Like the most ridiculous version of that question is, what does it feel like to ride a wave as you get closer to the source? Or experience it? Well, if you experience a wave, imagine that this is what happens to you. I don't know what you mean about getting close. It comes to you. So it's like this light wave or something that comes through you. So when a light hits you, it makes your eyes detect it. I flashed it. What does this do? It's like going to the amusement park, and they have these mirrors. You look in this mirror and you look short and fat, and the one next to you makes you tall and thin. Imagine that you went back and forth between those two mirrors once a second. That would be a gravitational wave with a period of once a second. If you did it 60 times a second, go back and forth. And then that's all that happens. It makes you taller and shorter and fatter back and forth as it goes through you at the 
f stuff. So you need to be able to make chemical bonds that are reasonably stable and be able to make complex structures. And we're very fortunate that carbon has this ability to make backbones and elaborate branchings and things. So you can get complex things that we call biochemistry. And yet the bonds can be broken a little bit with the help of energetic injections from the sun. So you have to have both the possibility of changing, but also the useful degree of stability. And we know at that very, very broad level, physics can tell you that it's conceivable. If you want to know what really happened, what really can happen, then you have to work a bit, go to chemistry. If you want to know what actually happened, then you really have to consult the fossil record and biologists. And so these ways of addressing the issue are complimentary in a sense. They use different kinds of concepts, they use different languages and they address different kinds of questions, but they're not inconsistent, they're just complimentary. It's kind of int
yle of the way you're supposed to behave. For example, I'm wearing a suit. It sounds weird, but I feel comfortable in this. I wore it when I was teaching at MIT, I wore it to meetings and so on, the different, sometimes a blue and red tie, but that was an outsider thing to do at MIT. So there was a strong pressure to not wear a suit. No, that's right. And there's a pressure to behave, to have a hair thing, the way you wear your hair, the way you, this isn't like a liberal or a left or anything. It's just in tribes. That's right. And academia to me or a place, any place that dreams of having like renegade free thinkers, like really deep thinkers should in fact, like glorify the outsider. Should welcome just, should welcome people that don't fit in. Yeah. No, that sounds weird, but I can just imagine an interview with at Princeton, I can imagine why aren't people, why aren't you at Harvard, for example, or MIT? Yeah. Well, so that, look, I would love to, I haven't lectured at MIT, but I've lectured at Harvard. I've gotten to lecture at almost every place that woul
sorders, we've basically found that indeed there is an enrichment. That basically means that there is commonality. And from the commonality, we can just get insights. So to explain in mathematical terms, we're basically building an empirical prior. We're using a Bayesian approach to basically say, great, all of these variants are equally likely in a particular locus to be important. So in a genetic locus, you basically have a dozen variants that are coinherited. Because the way that inheritance works in the human genome is through all of these recombination events during meiosis, you basically have, you know, you inherit maybe three, chromosome three, for example, in your body is inherited from four different parts. One part comes from your dad, another part comes from your mom, another part comes from your dad, another part comes from your mom. So basically, the way that it, sorry, from your mom's mom. So you basically have one copy that comes from your dad and one copy that comes from your mom. But that copy that you got from your mom is 
ney. People are very careful about what they put their money in. For people listening, we're gonna have fun in this conversation, because you already said Marxist, fraud, hallucination, just because we use these words doesn't mean they're true, but they're fun to talk about. So you have a strong certainty about the way you talk, which I think is fun, but allow me in my dumb self to push back, to play devil's advocate, and I'll actually ask you sometimes to play devil's advocate if possible, because you're smarter than me on all this stuff, so we want the smartest devil's advocate possible, and I'm certainly not that, but anyway, but nevertheless, we are currently on a fiat standard, so money does have value, paper money, and the reason it has value is because we believe it has value. To what degree, if we put the hallucination word aside, the belief that something is worth value So what hope does a doctor or an engineer or a scientist or an athlete have in doing those things? And investment is hard and saving should be easy. Exactly. Saving is es
ng of gravity, what are gravitational waves? Let's maybe start from the basics. We learned gravity from Newton, right? When you were young, you were told that if you jumped up, the earth pulls you down. And when the apple falls out of the tree, the earth pulls it down. And maybe you even asked your teacher why, but most of us accepted that. That was Newton's picture, the apple falling out of the tree. But Newton's theory never told you why the apple was attracted to the earth. That was a missing in Newton's theory. Newton's theory also Newton recognized at least one of the two problems. I'll tell you one of them is there's more than those, but one is why does the earth, what's the mechanism by which the earth pulls the apple or holds the moon when it goes around, whatever it is. That's not explained by Newton, even though he has the most successful theory of physics ever went 200 and some years with nobody ever seeing a violation. But he accurately describes the movement of an object falling down to earth, but he's not answering why that what's y
at we do stuff just to see what happens. That curiosity, that in sort of my area of artificial intelligence, that's been a concern. On a small scale, on a silly scale, perhaps currently, there's constantly unintended consequences. You create a system and you put it out there and you have intuitions about how it will work. You have hopes how it will work, but you put it out there just to see what happens. And in most cases, because artificial intelligence is currently not super powerful, it doesn't create a large scale negative effects, but that same curiosity as it progresses might lead to something that destroys the human species. And the same may be true for bioengineering. right. So we also work at this frequency. So we basically, why don't we have to do anything other than shock absorbers? So we made the world's fanciest shock absorbers, okay? Not just like in your car where there's one layer of them. They're just the right squishiness and so forth. They're better than what's in the cars. And we have four layers of it. So whatever shakes a
mp domains, be able to say something interesting to maintain your attention. And maybe many humans will also fail this test. That's the, unfortunately, we set, just like with autonomous vehicles, with chatbots, we also set a bar that's way too high to reach. I said, you know, the Turing test is not as bad as some people believe, but what is really not useful about the Turing test, it gives us no guidance how to develop these systems in the first place. Of course, you know, we can develop them by trial and error and, you know, do whatever and then run the test and see whether it works or not. But a mathematical definition of intelligence gives us, you know, an objective, which we can then analyze by theoretical tools or computational, and, you know, maybe even prove how close we are. And we will come back to that later with the iXe model. So, I mentioned the compression, right? So in natural language processing, they have achieved amazing results. And one way to test this, of course, you know, take the system, you train it, and then you see how wel
eld onto their value, the ones that have the biggest value, the ones that play the biggest role in global trade, the ones that are used as currency reserves all over the world, are the ones that have the lowest supply growth rate. The ones that grow, whose central banks are the least inflationary. And on the other hand, the ones who supplies more inflationary, similar to copper, end up failing. You look at Lebanon, Venezuela, Zimbabwe, these are currencies whose supply increases very quickly, and therefore, their value collapses. Whereas the dollar, the Swiss franc, the Euro, the British pound, the Japanese yen, they increase at a much lower rate in general than these terrible currencies. And that's why all over the world, you see people are looking to get more dollars and more of these harder currencies than the easier ones. So I think this analysis of the hardness of the money and the ease of money is pretty well supported empirically. So like you said, you're at least in part, or in whole, consider yourself an Austrian economist. So you'r
rity organizations or misuse of money. Yeah. So there was nothing like GiveWell before that? No. I mean, there were some. So, I mean, the charity corruption, I mean, obviously there's some, I don't think it's a huge issue. They're also just focusing on the long things. Prior to GiveWell, there were some organizations like Charity Navigator, which were more aimed at worrying about corruption and so on. So they weren't saying, these are the charities where you're going to do the most good. Instead, it was like, how good are the charities financials? How good is its health? Are they transparent? And yeah, so that would be more useful for weeding out some of those worst charities. So GiveWell has just taken a step further, sort of in this 21st century of data. It's actually looking at the effective part. Yeah. So it's like, you know, if you know the wire cutter for if you want to buy a pair of headphones, they will just look at all the headphones and be like, these are the best headphones you can buy. That's the idea with GiveWell. Okay. So do you think there
 dead end about an idea, you have to kind of calmly like walk back and start again, all those kinds of processes. It'd be interesting to get data on what my mind is actually doing. And also recently started doing, I just talked to Sam Harris a few days ago and been building up to that. I started using, started meditating using his app, Waking Up, I very much recommend it. It'd be interesting to get data on that because it's, you're very, it's like you're removing all the noise from your head and you very much, it's an active process of active noise removal, active noise canceling like the headphones. And it'd be interesting to see what is going on in the mind before the meditation, during it and after, all those kinds of things. And all of your examples, it's interesting that everyone who's designed an experience for you, so whether it be the meditation app or the Deep Work or all the things you mentioned, they constructed this product with a certain number of knowns. Yeah. Now, what if we expanded the number of knowns by 10X or 20X or 30X, they wou
rrower. The interest groups get excluded from power and their ability to continue enjoying the fruits of the system and the resentment grows. And so that's the situation we have in Russia is a place that is stuck. It was to a certain extent rescued. It was rescued with methods that were not conducive to long term success and stability. The rescue you're referring to is the sort of the economic growth when Putin first took office. Yes, they had 10 years. They had a full decade of an average of 7% growth a year, which was phenomenal and is not attributable predominantly to oil prices. During President Putin's first term as president, the average price of oil was $35 a barrel. During his second term as president, the average price was $70 a barrel. So during those two terms, when Russia was growing at about 7% a year, oil prices were averaging somewhere around $50 a barrel, which is fine, but is not the reason because later on when oil prices were over $100 a barrel, Russia stagnated. So the initial growth, do you think Putin deserves some credit for tha
recise. If you looked at blood pressure, where would you expect blood pressure to occur? You know, I don't know, maybe in your metabolism and ways that you process coffee or something like that. Maybe in your brain, the way that you stress out and increases your blood pressure, et cetera. So the blood pressure localized specifically in the left ventricle of the heart. So the enhancers of the left ventricle in the heart contained a lot of genetic variants associated with blood pressure. If you look at height, we found an enrichment specifically in embryonic stem cell enhancers. So the genetic variants predisposing you to be taller or shorter are in fact acting in developmental stem cells, makes complete sense. If you looked at inflammatory bowel disease, you basically found inflammatory, which is immune, and also bowel disease, which is digestive. And indeed we saw a double enrichment both in the immune cells and in the digestive cells. So that basically told us that this is acting in both components. There's an immune component to i
ger think that. So there's no historical evidence that suggests this is the case, and I just never even consider that's a possibility. I would also say, today, we understand so much about the neocortex. We've made tremendous progress in the last few years that I no longer think of it as an open question. The answers are very clear to me. The pieces we don't know are clear to me, but the framework is all there, and it's like, oh, okay, we're gonna be able to do this. This is not a problem anymore, just takes time and effort, but there's no mystery, a big mystery anymore. So then let's get into it for people like myself who are not very well versed in the human brain, except my own. Can you describe to me, at the highest level, what are the different parts of the human brain, and then zooming in on the neocortex, the parts of the neocortex, and so on, a quick overview. Yeah, sure. The human brain, we can divide it roughly into two parts. There's the old parts, lots of pieces, and then there's the new part. The new part is the neocortex. It's new because it
s in ways that we perhaps don't acknowledge. And I have a hope that technology will enable that more and more, like Clubhouse is an example that allows that. Are touring bots gonna out compete Clubhouse? Like why not sort of program your own session? You'll just talk into your device and say here's the kind of conversation I want and it will create the characters for you. And it may not be as good as Elon and Vladimir Putin, but it will be better than ordinary Clubhouse. Yeah, and one of the things that's missing, it's not just conversation, it's memory. So longterm memories, what current AI systems don't have is sharing experience together. Forget the words, it's like sharing the highs and the lows of life together and the systems around us remembering that. Remembering we've been through that. Like that's the thing that creates really close relationships, is going through some shit. Like struggle. If you survive together, there's something really difficult that bonds you with other humans. And this is related to immigration and the America
ophical problem of induction. And I believe the claim is essentially true. And what it does is the following. So, okay, for the picky listener, induction can be interpreted narrowly and widely. Narrow means inferring models from data. And widely means also then using these models for doing predictions, so predictions also part of the induction. So I'm a little bit sloppy sort of with the terminology, and maybe that comes from Ray Salomonov, you know, being sloppy, maybe I shouldn't say that. He can't complain anymore. So let me explain a little bit this theory in simple terms. So assume you have a data sequence, make it very simple, the simplest one say 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, and you see if 100 ones, what do you think comes next? The natural answer, I'm gonna speed up a little bit, the natural answer is of course, you know, one, okay? And the question is why, okay? Well, we see a pattern there, yeah, okay, there's a one and we repeat it. And why should it suddenly after 100 ones be different? So what we're looking for is simple explanations or models for the data we have. A
al, the amount of substances, the amount of wacky stuff that you have to do to truly get escape velocity from your conscious self. What does that tell us about then the fundamental state of our conscious self? Yeah, it also probably says that it's quite useful to have consciousness for survival and for just operation in this world. And perhaps for intelligence. I'm one of the, on the AI side, people that think that intelligence requires consciousness. So like high levels of general intelligence requires consciousness. Most people in the AI field think like consciousness and intelligence are fundamentally different. You could build a computer that's super intelligent. It doesn't have to be conscious. I think that if you define super intelligence by being good at chess, yes. But if you define super intelligence as being able to operate in this living world of humans and be able to perform all kinds of different tasks, consciousness, it seems to be somehow fundamental to richly integrate yourself into the human experience, into societ
ink Stalin legitimately thought he was doing good. I would say that's probably true. Stalin was just outright brutal. Like he had his five year plan, he had all those other things. He just had a much lower value for human life, and so he was willing to take, make decisions about what he actually, as a good executive, which he was, of managing different bureaucracies and so on, he was willing to make decisions that resulted in mass human suffering, where Hitler was, it seems like to me, much moodier. So allowed emotions and moods to make decisions. I think we also have to consider the different trajectories and how, where, and when they were making their decisions. And I mean, not by time specifically, but Hitler engaged into this conflict across multiple continents. And then that, everything that comes with basically fighting the whole world, Stalin had his conflict, and then he really mostly compartmentalized the rest of it. So he was dealing with his own internal instead of dealing with the internal and the external. So if Stalin was 
put under a World War scenario, I don't know, maybe he would have eventually lost his marbles too. Yeah, I'm not sure that that's, you're right. The hunger for power was more internalized for Stalin. He wanted to control the land that already existed as opposed to wanting to colonize other land. He was as nationalistic as Hitler, but, and was as capable and willing for violent conflict as Hitler, for the aims of the state. But he centered and internalized prior to then externalizing and moving outwards. Whereas even maybe prior to him, there was an interest to continually push communism in an aggressive sense following on the momentum from the 1918 revolution. And that, the halting of that through various aspects, I guess in Germany, part of that was the National Socialists. Like they came up and then they were the other ones to fight the communists, and so you had the two totalitarians going after it. But then in the rest of the world that was not dealing with totalitarian aspects, it was just, it wasn't gonna stick, especially in the West 
you say AGI with general intelligence, artificial intelligence, only refers to if you achieve human level or a subhuman level, but quite broad, is it also general intelligence? So we have to distinguish, or it's only super human intelligence, general artificial intelligence. Is there a test in your mind, like the Turing test for natural language or some other test that would impress the heck out of you that would kind of cross the line of your sense of intelligence within the framework that you said? Well, the Turing test has been criticized a lot, but I think it's not as bad as some people think. And some people think it's too strong. So it tests not just for system to be intelligent, but it also has to fake human deception, which is much harder. And on the other hand, they say it's too weak because it just maybe fakes emotions or intelligent behavior. It's not real. But I don't think that's the problem or a big problem. So if you would pass the Turing test, so a conversation over terminal with a bot for an hour, or maybe a day or so, and
ted in all aspects of morality and all the way in which we deal with each other as human beings. When your survival is precarious, how much are you invested in the notion of being a good citizen, on caring about your reputation, on caring about not getting caught in a crime? All of these things become harder to value. So people start committing crime, people start caring less and less about the future. And we see it reflected in everything. And I argue, you see it reflected in architecture. We used to build houses in the 19th century that last until today. And then in the 20th century, we build essentially disposable cardboard boxes that get scrapped in 20 years. So what can you say about potential positive effects of lower time preferences? So I mean, it's a balance. Like basically, you're talking about an average kind of time preference, but there's some things in life where low time preference could be a negative thing. So like if I want to take on risk, not for investment, for a kind of investment, but say I want to start a business, I w
parts of Mexico, there's quite a large number of chilies you can get. They're different, they're fresher, but it's just like a different thing. The chilies, the wheat used. So this is wheat territory, not corn territory, which is a self interesting. The wheat is more diverse and more complex. Here it's more homogenized, obviously cheaper, more efficient, but there it is better. Non pasteurized cheeses are legal in all parts of Mexico and they can be white and gooey and amazing in a way that here again, it's just against the law. You could legalize them. The demand wouldn't be that great. There's a black market in these cheeses that Latino groceries around here, but you just can't get that much of it. So the cheese, the meat, the wheat, all different in significant ways. The chilies, I don't think the onions really matter much. Garlic, I don't know. I wouldn't put much stock in that, but that's a lot of the core food and then it's cooked much better and everything's super fresh. The food chain is not relying on refrigeration. And this is one thing Russia a
ut if the interface could then quantify and give me a 50 vector space model and say, this is the version of happiness that Lex is experiencing as he looked at this cup, then it would allow me potentially to have much greater empathy for you and understand you as a human. This is how you experience joy, which is entirely unique from how I experienced joy, even though we assumed ahead of time that we're having some kind of similar experience. But I agree with you that we do consciousness engineering today in everything we do. When we talk to each other, when we're building products and that we're entering into a stage where it will be much more methodical and quantitative based and computational in how we go about doing it. Which to me, I find encouraging because I think it creates better guardrails to create ethical systems versus right now, I feel like it's really a wild, wild west on how these interactions are happening. Yeah, and it's funny you focus on human to human, but that this kind of data enables human to machine interact
s we have to do it, but very well. And they've done a test mission and the engineering seems to be at least in principle in hand. This will be in the 2030s. 2030s? Yeah. This is incredible. This is incredible. Let me ask about black holes. So what we're talking about is observing orbiting black holes. I saw the terminology of like binary black hole systems. Binary black holes. Is that the one that's when they're dancing? Okay. They're both going around each other, just like the earth around the sun. Okay. Is that weird that there's black holes going around each other? So the finding binary systems of stars is similar to finding binary systems of... Of black holes. Well, they were once stars. So we haven't said what a black hole is physically yet. Yeah. What's a black hole? So black hole is first, it's a mathematical concept or a physical concept. And that is a region of space. So it's simply a region of space where the curvature of space time, meaning the gravitational field is so strong that nothing can get out, including light. And there's light gets bent if
e. But if I just say I want an intelligent system, why does it have to have any of the human like emotions? Why does it even care if it lives? Why does it even care if it has food? It doesn't care about those things. It's just, you know, it's just in a trance thinking about mathematics or it's out there just trying to build the space for it on Mars. That's a choice we make. Don't make human like things, don't make replicating things, don't make things that have emotions, just stick to the neocortex. So that's a view actually that I share but not everybody shares in the sense that you have faith and optimism about us as engineers of systems, humans as builders of systems to not put in stupid, not. So this is why I mentioned the bacteria one. Because you might say, well, some person's gonna do that. Well, some person today could create a bacteria that's resistant to all the known antibacterial agents. So we already have that threat. We already know this is going on. It's not a new threat. So just accept that and then we have to deal with it, right? Y
bad. So again, these are old brain, genetically embedded things that we fear death. It's outside of those uncomfortable feelings. There's nothing else to worry about. Well, wait, hold on a second. Do you know the denial of death by Becker? No. There's a thought that death is, our whole conception of our world model kind of assumes immortality. And then death is this terror that underlies it all. So like... Some people's world model, not mine. But, okay, so what Becker would say is that you're just living in an illusion. You've constructed an illusion for yourself because it's such a terrible terror, the fact that this... What's the illusion? The illusion that death doesn't matter. You're still not coming to grips with... The illusion of what? That death is... Going to happen. Oh, like it's not gonna happen? You're actually operating. You haven't, even though you said you've accepted it, you haven't really accepted the notion that you're gonna die is what you say. So it sounds like you disagree with that notion. Yeah, yeah, totally. I literally, every night I go to bed, it
, money wants to be won. And that's the kind of thing that I argue in that seminar. So we could see this emerge based around the Yuan and likely, I mean, Russia is obviously going to hurt economically from what happened from the confiscation of the reserves and from the sanctions. So it's not going to be in a position. And of course, because it's outside of the US based system, it's not in the strongest negotiating position with the Chinese. So the Chinese might be able to get them to join their Yuan based system. But I don't think that's sustainable in the long run because these governments can issue their laws and make their designs and then make their monetary systems. But ultimately, there are billions of Chinese people and billions of dollar based people and they're going to want to trade with one another. And the power to want to trade with one another is too strong. We can't just split the world economy into two monetary systems that don't trade with one another. So then they're going to want to trade with one another. Or the da
by Rich Sutton recently. He's a reinforcement learning pioneer. I'm not sure if you're familiar with him. His basic idea is that all the stuff we've done in AI in the past 70 years, he's one of the old school guys. The biggest lesson learned is that all the tricky things we've done, they benefit in the short term, but in the long term, what wins out is a simple general method that just relies on Moore's law, on computation getting faster and faster. This is what he's saying. This is what has worked up to now. This is what has worked up to now. If you're trying to build a system, if we're talking about, he's not concerned about intelligence. He's concerned about a system that works in terms of making predictions on applied narrow AI problems, right? That's what this discussion is about. That you just try to go as general as possible and wait years or decades for the computation to make it actually. Is he saying that as a criticism or is he saying this is a prescription of what we ought to be doing? Well, it's very difficult. He's saying this is what
h, and also, I mean, let's also remember currently bonds nominally don't beat inflation and in real terms, they don't come close to beating inflation. So currently with bonds, you're taking on credit default risk to buy a bond and also getting less money back in real terms. Well, Bitcoin doesn't offer you returns, but in real terms, it appreciates much more and it has, I believe, a lot less risk associated with it than any company or government. So let's make things spicy and ask if Bitcoin fails in the long term future. As you just said, economics, volatility, things happen in this world. The human civilization might end in this century. I hope it doesn't, but it might. There could be catastrophic events. If Bitcoin fails, it goes to zero, loses its number one spot. What would be the reason? If you're an alien visiting Earth 100 years from now and just were to analyze the situation, Bitcoin is a pretty new thing. So the possible trajectories of how the world evolves together with this new monetary technology is nearly infinite. So if it fails, one 
anotechnology, which we actually haven't experienced yet, but there are people that are creating nanotechnology, and I describe that in the book. Now you're excited by the possibilities of nanotechnology, of nanobots, of being able to do things inside our body, inside our mind, that's going to help. What's exciting, what's terrifying about nanobots? What's exciting is that that's a way to communicate with our neocortex, because each neocortex is pretty small and you need a small entity that can actually get in there and establish a communication channel. And that's gonna really be necessary to connect our brains to AI within ourselves, because otherwise it would be hard for us to compete with it. In a high bandwidth way. Yeah, yeah. And that's key, actually, because a lot of the things like Neuralink are really not high bandwidth yet. So nanobots is the way you achieve high bandwidth. How much intelligence would those nanobots have? Yeah, they don't need a lot, just enough to basically establish a communication channel to one nanobot. So it's pr
 many that lead to deep personal self reflection, frankly is dangerous for the mind. As all first principles thinking about the human condition is, if you gaze long into the abyss, like Nietzsche said, the abyss will gaze back into you. I have been recently reading a lot about World War II, Stalin, and Hitler. It feels to me that there is some fundamental truth there to be discovered, in the moments of history that changed everything, the suffering, the triumphs. If I bring up Donald Trump or Vladimir Putin in these conversations, it is never through a political lens. I'm not left nor right. I think for myself, deeply, and often question everything, changing my mind as often as is needed. I ask for your patience, empathy, and rigorous thinking. If you arrived to this podcast from a place of partisanship, if you hate Trump, or love Trump, or any other political leader, no matter what he or they do, and see everyone who disagrees with you as delusional, I ask that you unsubscribe, and don't listen to these conversations, because my hope is to 
your game and then your game with your immediates and then the game further than that and the game further than that and then the game today and the game tomorrow and the game next week. And so it never ends. And if you try to keep thinking about it that way, no wonder people go crazy. But we don't want to think about things that way. We don't want to think about being towards death. We don't want to think about whether or not I'm going anywhere after this other than in the ground or what have you. Like, you know. All of these games are a sense of some distraction. This is where we brought up. Kind of, but I mean, it's violence is that we need to let this out. And so it is of our, kids need to wrestle and play just like animals need to wrestle and play. We need to have forms of competition. We need to have ways to test ourselves, to create when, what is it? When at peace a man of war makes war with himself. And so we need to be able to competently go at war with ourselves and go at war with our neighbor and go at war with our neighbor
on? Does anti matter have anything like a gravitational field to send signals? So how does this asymmetry of matter and anti matter could be investigated or further understood by observing gravitational fields or weirdnesses in gravitational fields? I think that in principle, if there were anti neutron stars, instead of just neutron stars, we would see different kinds of signals, but it didn't get to that. We live in a universe that we've done enough looking because we don't see anti matter, anti protons anywhere, no matter what we look at, that it's all made out of matter. Hmm. There is no anti matter except when we go in our laboratories. So, but when we go in our laboratories, we make as much anti matter as matter. So there's something about the early universe that made this asymmetry. So we can't even explain why we're here. That's what I meant. Physics wise, not in terms of how we evolved and all that kind of stuff. So there might be inklings of some of the physics that gravitational So gravitational waves don't get obstructed like li
prevent you, that becomes conservative, that can prevent you from fully embracing life. I think ultimately you can be very intelligent and data driven and also embrace life. But I err on the side of embracing life. It's very, it takes a very skillful person to not sort of that hovering parent that says, you know what, there's a 3% chance that if you go out, if you go out by yourself and play, you're going to die, get run over by a car, come to a slow or a sudden end. And I am more a supporter of just go out there. If you die, you die. And that's a, it's a balance you have to strike. I think there's a balance to strike in the longterm optimization and short term freedom. For me, for a programmer, for a programming mind, I tend to over optimize and I'm very cautious and afraid of that, to not over optimize and thereby be overly cautious, suboptimally cautious about everything I do. And that's the ultimate thing I'm trying to optimize for. It's funny you said like sleep and all those kinds of things. I tend to think, this is, you're being more precise t
sly, depending on the size of the aircraft. And, you know, the business day there had started probably at 8, 8.30. So those buildings should have been packed at that moment. So that was a thought that crossed my mind. But from our being responder perspective, if you're off duty, normally you do not go to a scene that they don't want you to because of accountability and safety. The on duty platoon will handle it. And if it's something very horrific, then they will have something called a recall, which is any police firefighter or EMS personnel is obligated to go to their command immediately, check in with, you know, their command to get their gear and stand by and await orders for deployment or to remain in that command for routine duties. How often throughout history have there been recalls? I believe the one prior to that was like in the 1968 riots, possibly, and then maybe in the 70s, there was another blackout and riots. And I remember my dad talking about it. And he actually always said, just remember if something bad's going down, don't just rus
urishing life instead. And so if I was comparing reducing income inequality or getting people from the very pits of suffering to a higher level, the question I would ask is just a quantitative one of just if I do this first thing or the second thing, how many people am I going to benefit and by how much am I going to benefit? Am I going to move that one person from kind of 10%, 0% well being to 10% well being? Perhaps that's just not as good as moving a hundred people from 10% well being to 50% well being. And the idea is the diminishing returns is the idea of when you're in terrible poverty, then the $1 that you give goes much further than if you were in the middle class in the United States, for example. Absolutely. And this fact is really striking. So if you take even just quite a conservative estimate of how we are able to turn money into well being, the economists put it as like a log curve. That's the or steeper. But that means that any proportional increase in your income has the same impact on your well being. And so someone moving fro
ble that you both agree to the transaction. Correct. But also at the root of that is freedom, right? And as far as I can tell, I've been banging this around in my head, it's like for every one unit of freedom, you need two units of accountability. And if you don't have that, what you end up with is human self interest. We're not even gonna get into evil. Human self interest, sabotaging other things, even not in a sense to be malicious. Okay, so in terms of, let's put this as mathematically speaking, I love this. So anarchism is more like two units of freedom and one unit of accountability or maybe zero units of accountability. Possibly, I mean, the anarchists tend to think like, no, everyone will be accountable. It's like, fuck they will. When have you seen this happen in real life? People aren't even accountable in their revolutions at the time. So you aren't looking at the way people really are. Marx is like, yeah, the people are like this, they're like that. Look at how capitalism does it. I mean, he of course assigns a lot of really ridiculous econ
ng.ai education mission one of the things that's really important to me is that if there's someone for whom paying anything is a financial hardship then just apply for financial aid and get it for free. If you were to recommend a daily schedule for people in learning whether it's through the deep learning.ai specialization or just learning in the world of deep learning what would you recommend? How do they go about day to day sort of specific advice about learning about their journey in the world of deep learning machine learning? I think getting the habit of learning is key and that means regularity. So for example we send out a weekly newsletter the batch every Wednesday so people know it's coming Wednesday you can spend a little bit of time on Wednesday catching up on the latest news catching up on the latest news through the batch on Wednesday and for myself I've picked up a habit of spending some time every Saturday and every Sunday reading or studying and so I don't wake up on the Saturday and have to make a decisi
oing to net make money at this. So don't do it for those reasons. Do it for the reason of the passion. Do it for the reason to be the absolute best that you can be, whatever that ends up being. You might at best only be mediocre, but you won't even be mediocre if you don't do it like you really mean it. So. The passion, look, where is the kernel of the passion, would you say, is it in the learning process itself, the improvement? I think it really depends on the person, right? I mean, there's some people that really love the fact of, they feel like they're growing, right? Well to power, you're growing, growing stronger, growing better. The idea of eliminating weakness. So, to which I'll quickly define weakness as just like things that weaken you, not like being physically weak. Sure, you could call that weakness, but maybe you're not meant to be a super strong guy. But choosing to be weak is really a different story other than just like, we're all deficient in some way or another. So that's neither here nor there. It's a matter of what you decide to do 
m competition? Well, the fight for territory, most of all, right? So violence, anything that involves like actual physical violence. Right, and it's not that I think the current borders are just. I mean, go talk to Hungarians, Romanians, Serbians, Bosnians, they'll talk your ear off. And some of them are probably right. But at the end of the day, we have some kind of international order. And I would rather we more or less stick with it. If Catalonians wanna leave, they keep up with it, let them go, but. What about a space of like healthcare? This is where you get into a tension of like between capitalism and kind of more, I don't wanna use socialism, but those kinds of policies that are less free market. I think in this country, healthcare should be much more competitive. So you go to hospitals, doctors, they don't treat you like a customer. They treat you like an idiot or like a child or someone with third party payment. And it's a pretty humiliating experience often. Yeah. Do you think a free market in general is possible? Like a pure free market? 
with the flap of a wing and then you can trace a lot of like nuclear wars and all the conflicts of human history, somehow connected to that one butterfly that created all of the chaos. So maybe that's not, maybe that's a very poetic way to think that that's something we humans in a human centric way wanna hope we have this impact. Like that is the secondary effect of our intelligence. We've had the long lasting impact on the world, but maybe the entirety of physics in the universe has a very long lasting effects. Sure, but you can also think of it. What if like the wonderful life, what if you're not here? Will somebody else do this? Is it something that you actually contributed because you had something unique to compute? That contribute, that's a pretty high bar though. Uniqueness, yeah. So, you have to be Mozart or something to actually reach that level that nobody would have developed that, but other people might have solved this equation if you didn't do it, but also within limited scope. I mean, during your lifetime or next year, you
ed. Yeah, is that is that the lowest hanging fruit? If I may use crude terms here of animal welfare. Absolutely. I think that's the lowest hanging fruit. So at the moment we kill we raise and kill about 50 billion animals every year. So how many 50 billion in? Yeah, so for every human on the planet several times that number of being killed and the vast majority of them are raised in factory farms where basically whatever your view on animals, I think you should agree even if you think well, maybe it's not bad to kill an animal. Maybe if the animal was raised in good conditions, that's just not the empirical reality. The empirical reality is that they are kept in incredible cage confinement. They are de beaked or detailed without an aesthetic, you know chickens often peck each other to death other like otherwise because of them such stress. It's really, you know, I think when a chicken gets killed that's the best thing that happened to the chicken in the course of its life and it's also completely unnecessary. This is in order to save, you 
roximations of the iXe model, so then it's at least computable. It is still way beyond any resources anybody will ever have, but then the Ghetto Machine could sort of improve it further and further in an exact way. So is it theoretically possible that the Ghetto Machine process could improve? Isn't iXe already optimal? It is optimal in terms of the reward collected over its interaction cycles, but it takes infinite time to produce one action. And the world continues whether you want it or not. So the model is assuming you had an oracle, which solved this problem, and then in the next 100 milliseconds or the reaction time you need gives the answer, then iXe is optimal. It's optimal in sense of also from learning efficiency and data efficiency, but not in terms of computation time. And then the Ghetto Machine in theory, but probably not provably could make it go faster. Yes. Okay, interesting. Those two components are super interesting. The sort of the perfect intelligence combined with self improvement, sort of provable self improvement 
re, because there's a viral aspect to the text, where you could just post text nonstop. It's very immediate. The times before Twitter, before the internet, the way you would exchange texts is you would write books. And that, while it doesn't get body language, it doesn't get tone, it doesn't... so on, but it does actually boil down after some time of thinking, some editing, and so on, boil down ideas. So is the immediacy and the viral nature, which produces the outrage mobs and so on, the potential problem? I think that is a big issue. I think there's going to be this strong selection effect where something that provokes outrage, well, that's high arousal, you're more likely to retweet that, whereas kind of sober analysis is not as sexy, not as viral. I do agree that long form content is much better to productive discussion. In terms of the media that are very popular at the moment, I think that podcasting is great where your podcasts are two hours long, so they're much more in depth than Twitter are, and you are able to convey so much more nuance, s
 to block their decision or to have input necessarily on their decision. You're more prone to mistakes. You're more prone to extremism. There's a temptation there. For example, we have separation of powers in the United States. The Congress, right, has authority that the president doesn't have. As for example, in budgeting, the so called power of the purse. This can be very frustrating. People want to see things happen and they complain that there's a do nothing Congress or that the situation is stalemated. But actually that's potentially a good thing. In fact, that's how our system was designed. Our system was designed to prevent things happening in government. And there's frustration with that, but ultimately that's the strength of the institutions we have. And so when you see unconstrained executive authority, there can be a lot of dynamism. A lot of things can get done quickly. But those things can be like, for example, what happened in China under Mao or what happened in the Soviet Union under Stalin or what happened in Haiti under Papa 
 I've done at MIT with autonomous vehicles in particular. Oh, yeah, yeah. That people, I think they offload, they ask, like, how would a machine deal with an ethical situation that they themselves, the humans don't know how to deal with? Exactly. And so I don't know if a machine is able to do a better job on difficult ethical questions, but I certainly think to behave properly and effectively in this world is a very important thing. Effectively in this world, it needs to be, have a fear of mortality and like be able to even dance. Because I don't think you can solve ethical problems, but you have to, I think like ethics is like a dance floor. You have to just, you have to dance properly with the rest of the humans. Like if people are dancing tango, you have to dance in the same kind of way. And for that, you have to have a fear of mortality. Like I think of, more practically speaking, as I said, autonomous vehicles, like the way you interact with pedestrians fundamentally has to have a sense of mortality. So when pedestrians cross the road, no
t might result in? I love the Seuss quote and I've had that experience too. Like you, I adore what I do. If someone gave you enough money to live the rest of your life, got a roof above my head, rice and beans on the table and they said, you don't have to work anymore. I would do nothing different. I would do exactly, this sounds a little crass and I hope it doesn't sound this way but being a scientist is not what I do, it's who I am. And when that's the case, sleep, working out, showering and eating are the things that I do in between my love affair with sleep. I fell for sleep like a blind roofer. And it was a love affair that started 20 years ago and I remain utterly besotted today. It's the most beguiling thing in the world to me. And I could easily and I have, it's kept me up at night. When my mind is fizzing with experimental ideas or I think I've got a new hypothesis or theory, I will struggle with sleep. I really will, it doesn't come easy to me because my mind is just so on fire with those ideas. So I understand the struggle, but I coul
czarist autocracy in February 1917, Stalin is in Eastern Siberian exile. He's only able to leave Eastern Siberia when that regime falls. He never fights in the war. He's called up briefly towards the end of the war and is disqualified on physical grounds because of physical deformities from being drafted. The war continues after the czarist regime has been toppled in the capital and there's been a revolution. The war continues and that war is very radicalizing. The peasants begin to seize the land after the czar falls, essentially destroying much of the gentry class. Stalin has nothing to do with that. The peasants have their own revolution, seizing the land, not in law, but in fact, de facto not de jure land ownership. So there are these really large processes underway that Stalin is alive during, but not a driver of. The most improbable thing happens, which is a very small group of people around the figure of Vladimir Lenin announces that it has seized power. Now by this time in October 1917, the government that has replaced the czar, the
ld. So sort of echoing that idea of what we're talking about, what Russia needs now, can you, first of all, you've described a fascinating thought, which is Stalin is having amassed arguably more power than any man in history, which is an interesting thing to think about. But can you tell about his journey to getting that power after the Russian Revolution? How does that perhaps echo to our current discussion about institutions and so on? And just in general, the story I think is fascinating of how one man is able to get more power than any other man in history. It is a great story, not necessarily from a moral point of view, but if you're interested in power, for sure it's an incredible story. So we have to remember that Stalin is also a product of circumstances, not solely his own individual drive, which is very strong. For example, World War I breaks the czarist regime, the czarist order, imperial Russian state. Stalin has no participation whatsoever in World War I. He spends World War I in exile in Siberia. Until the downfall of the 
eal life. Elsewhere, that's right. That's why it's very good, like, that's it. Instead of hating people for their religion and for their skin color, hate them because they support Manchester United. Exactly. So you're a Liverpool fan, that's it. Yes, yes, hardcore, long term. But yeah, so to go back to the original point on Portugal. Energy. Yeah, energy. Bitcoin is not competing with Portugal because Bitcoin is buying energy from places where we can't buy it, because all the places where we can buy energy for our washing machines, we're bidding up the price enough to make it nonviable for Bitcoin. That's why, you know, you'll see those headlines about Bitcoin consuming more energy than Portugal. Well, if you look at Portugal, I mean, they've got giant power plants in Portugal, they've got millions of people, and they've got enormous amounts of infrastructure. Where are all of these infrastructure for Bitcoin mining? You don't see it in the cities. It's all isolated, it's all out away from the cities, or it's connected to grids that have serious overcapacity. So
gn the paperwork. It took a long time. But nonetheless, the category citizen can expand and it can become a universal category. So we have that, the citizen universal humanity model of the American Revolution, which was deeply flawed at the time it was introduced, but fixable over time. We also had that separation of powers and constraint on executive power that we began this conversation with. That was also institutionalized in the American Revolution because they were afraid of tyranny. They were afraid of unconstrained executive power. So they built a system that would contain that, constrain it institutionally, not circumstantially. So that's a great gift. Within that universal category of citizen, which has over time come closer to fulfilling its original promise. And within those institutional constraints, that separation of powers, constraint on executive power, within that we've developed what we might call normal politics, left right politics. People can be in favor of redistribution, and government action and people can be 
t of history, I think all the suffering that we've endured as a civilization, it's possible that that's the optimal amount of suffering we need to endure to minimize longterm suffering. That's your Russian background, I think. That's the Russian. Whether humans are or not instantiations of an iXe agent, do you think there's a consciousness of something that could emerge in a computational form or framework like iXe? Let me also ask you a question. Do you think I'm conscious? Yeah, that's a good question. That tie is confusing me, but I think so. You think that makes me unconscious because it strangles me or? If an agent were to solve the imitation game posed by Turing, I think that would be dressed similarly to you. That because there's a kind of flamboyant, interesting, complex behavior pattern that sells that you're human and you're conscious. But why do you ask? Was it a yes or was it a no? Yes, I think you're conscious, yes. So, and you explained sort of somehow why, but you infer that from my behavior, right? You can never be sure about that. An
use I had three jobs at the time. Most New York City firefighters and police officers, EMS, we don't make the most amount of money. So in order to live in that city, you have to hustle. And my wife stayed at home raising the children. So my daughter said, oh, so you should be safe because you're on the oil truck. I told her I was going on the oil truck that day. So she said, you should be safe today, daddy. So I left and worked for this great company on the North Shore, Staten Island, Quinlan Fuel. Very nice people, treated me very well. And it was my first day back actually for the winter season. Usually get laid off a couple months in the summer because things, you know, too hot to need oil. So I took the truck, started my route that day and plane to New Jersey. And plane hit the tower. So initially I'm like, oh, it's probably some silly Lear jet pilot. And he veered off track to get a better picture for a client and he hit the building. Probably hit a, you know, bad turbulence, gust of wind. It's very windy down in that area in Manhattan. So tha
So in the case of let's say an all out nuclear exchange and let's say that leads to nuclear winter. We don't really know but we you know might well happen that would I think result in billions of deaths would it kill everybody? It's quite it's quite hard to see how that how it would kill everybody for a few reasons. One is just those are so many people. Yes, you know seven and a half billion people. So this bad event has to kill all you know, all almost all of them. Secondly live in such a diversity of locations. So a nuclear exchange or the virus that has to kill people who live in the coast of New Zealand which is going to be climatically much more stable than other areas in the world or people who are on submarines or who have access to bunkers. So there's a very like there's just like I'm sure there's like two guys in Siberia just badass. There's the just human nature somehow just perseveres. Yeah, and then the second thing is just if there's some catastrophic event people really don't want to die. So there's going to be like, you k
 he saw me in many other patients. So he just didn't assume. And he gave me a fair shake and I will always be grateful to him for that. Through any of this, the pain you had to go through with the leukemia, but also the days of 9 11 and after, did your faith get challenged? You know, Lex, it was strange. It was times I was so angry. You know, there's that range of emotions, the anger, the denial, the depression, the this, the that. And this is the weirdest thing. It was mostly, I knew my career was over and they retired me out of the job. That, I got sick in August and that October, they told me I was out. And by the time I was processed and, you know, used up my leaves and whatever you want to say it was, I was officially retired in January of 02 and it was less than six months. And I'm there walking my dog one day, my rescued Greyhound who I miss. She was such a soul. God, she lived to be almost 13, Katie. And we were walking in the snow and I got the call. I was retired and I looked at her and I'm like, Katie, what am I going to do? She just looked up an
archist, anarchism, which is like, I think intellectually just a fascinating set of ideas, where taking free market to the full extreme of basically saying there should be no government, what is it? Oversight, I guess, and then everything should be fully, like all the agreements, all the collectives you form should be voluntary, not based on the geographic land you were born on and so on. Do you think that's just a giant mess? Like, do you think it's possible for an anarchist society to work where it's, you know, in a fully distributed way, people agree with each other, not just on financial transactions, but you know, on their personal security, on sort of military type of stuff, on healthcare, on education, all those kinds of things. And where does it break down? Well, I wouldn't press a button to say get rid of our current constitution, which I view is pretty good and quite wise, but I think the deeper point is that all societies are in some regards anarchistic and we should take the anarchists seriously. So globally, there's a kind of anarc
wer. So I said, well, who's the most interesting composer? And he said, well, definitely Brahms. And he would go on about how Brahms was fabulous and talk about the importance of music education. So you could have essentially a question and answer, a conversation with him. You could have a conversation with him, which was actually more interesting than talking to him because if you talked to him, he'd be concerned about how they're gonna lay out this property to give a choral group. He'd be concerned about the day to day versus the big questions. Exactly, yeah. And you did ask about the meaning of life and he answered, love. Yeah. Do you miss him? Yes, I do. Yeah, you get used to missing somebody after 52 years, and I didn't really have intelligent conversations with him until later in life. In the last few years, he was sick, which meant he was home a lot and I was actually able to talk to him about different things like music and other things. And so I miss that very much. What did you learn about life from your father? What part of him is wit
know a few pence for the price of meat or price of eggs and we have indeed found it's also just inconsistent with consumer preference as well people who buy the products if they could they all they when you do surveys are extremely against suffering in factory farms. It's just they don't appreciate how bad it is and you know, just tend to go with easy options. And so then the best the most effective programs I know of at the moment are nonprofits that go to companies and work with companies to get them to take a pledge to cut certain sorts of animal products like eggs from cage confinement out of their supply chain. And it's now the case that the top 50 food retailers and fast food companies have all made these kind of cage free pledges and when you do the numbers you get the conclusion that every dollar you're giving to these nonprofits result in hundreds of chickens being spared from cage confinement. And then they're working to other other types of animals other products too. So is that the most effective way to do in h
 is to create something magical and whether consciousness or emotion or elegance of movement, all of those things aid in the creation of the magic. And it's a free, it's an art form to explore how to make that, how to create that in a way that's compelling. Yeah, I love the line in Sense of a Woman with Al Pacino where he's speaking about the tango and he said, really, it's just freedom that if you get tangled up, you just keep tangoing on. I still, to this day, I think first or second time I talked to Joe Rogan on his podcast, I said, we got into this heated argument about whether Sense of a Woman is a better movie than John Wick. Because it's one of my favorite movies for many reasons. One is Sense of a Woman. Partially. I didn't know that, by the way. I was just gonna. You just. Yeah, I didn't know if you would actually know of the movie. Awesome, awesome. No, yeah, I said, I love the tango scene. I love Al Pacino's performance. It's a wonderful movie. Then Joe was saying, John Wick is better. So we, to this day, argue about this. I think it depends on
The following is a conversation with Josh Barnett, one of the greatest fighters and submission wrestlers in history, with an epic 25 year career that includes being the UFC heavyweight champion and countless other accolades. He also happens to be one of the most intelligent and brutally honest human beings in all of martial arts, and especially so about his appreciation of and fascination with violence. Quick mention of our sponsors, which feels ridiculous to say after that introduction. Mung Pak low carb snacks, Element electrolyte drinks, Eight Sleep self cooling mattress, and Rev transcription and captioning service. Click the sponsor links to get a discount to support this podcast. As a side note, let me say that I've been a fan of Josh Barnett for a long time. This conversation was indeed a long time coming, and I'm sure we'll talk many times again. For what it's worth, I'm a student of combat sports and admire when they're done at the highest level, either through masterful execution of skill or relentless dominance of pure guts
ld be able to tell if you did the right kind of experiments, which was the mirror and which was the real thing. Anyway, that. That's the parity and they show that the parity doesn't necessarily hold. It doesn't quite hold. Examining what the exceptions are turned out to be, to lead to all kinds of insight about the nature of fundamental interactions, especially properties of neutrinos and the weak interaction, it's a long story. But it's a very, it's a. So you just define the C and the P, the conjugation, the charge conjugation. Now that I've done that, I wanna. What's the problem? Shove them off. Okay, great. Because it's easier to talk about T, which is time reversal symmetry. We have very good reasons to think CPT is an accurate symmetry of nature. It's on the same level as relativity and quantum mechanics, basically. So that better be true. Or else we. So it's symmetric when you. When you do. When you do conjugation parity and time. And time and space reversal. If you do all three, then you get the same physical consequences. Now, so, but that means t
e, Irix5b, can no longer bind because it's an AT rich interacting domain. And as soon as I change the T into a C, it can no longer bind because it's no longer AT rich. But doesn't that mean that you're able to use the energy more efficiently? You're not generating heat or is that? That means I can eat less and get around just fine. Yes. Yeah. So that's a feature actually. It's a feature in a food scarce environment. Yeah. But if we're all starving, I'm doing great. If we all have access to massive amounts of food, I'm obese basically. That's taken us to the entire process of then understanding that why mitochondria and then the lipids are both, even though distant, are somehow involved. Different sides of the same coin. And you basically choose to store energy or you can choose to burn energy. And then all of that is involved in the puzzle of obesity. And that's what's fascinating, right? Here we are in 2007, discovering the strongest genetic association with obesity and knowing nothing about how it works for almost 10 years. For 10 years, everybody focused 
o that's in my view, the field where basically computer science comes together with artificial intelligence statistics, all of these other tools, molecular biology technologies and biotechnology and pharmaceutical technologies that are sort of revolutionary in the way of intervention. And of course, this massive amount of molecular biology and data gathering and generation and perturbation in massively parallel ways. So there's no better way. There's no better time. There's no better place to be sort of looking at this whole confluence of ideas. And I'm just so thrilled to be a small part of this amazing, enormous ecosystem. It's exciting to imagine what humans of 100, 200 years from now, what their life experience is like, because these ideas seem to have potential to transform the quality of life that, when they look back at us, they probably wonder how we were put up with all the suffering in the world. Manolis, it's a huge honor. Thank you for spending this early Sunday morning with me. I deeply appreciate it. See you next time. Sounds lik
e way you've lived today. Right, and to place yourself in the future at your point of mortality is one way to, I think, as an exercise to retrospectively look back and not lose out on informed choices that you could otherwise lose out on if you weren't thinking about mortality. Yeah, it clarifies your thinking. So I mentioned I sleep on the floor, take naps and power naps, and it's just kind of madness. Is there weirdnesses to your own sleep schedule as a scientist that does incredible work, has a lot of things going on, has to lead research, has to write research, has to be a science communicator, also have a social life, all those kinds of things. Is there certain patterns to your own sleep that you regret or you participate in that you find you enjoy? Is there some personal stuff, quirks or things you're proud of that you do in terms of your sleep schedule? The funny thing about being a sleep researcher is that it doesn't make you immune to the ravages of difficult nights of sleep, and I have battled my own periods of insomnia in m
 in the form of pudding, and then a bowl in the form of nuts. And then I have. Vegan. Vegan, yes. Vegan, so that's fat and that's like, that's fat and carbs and that's the protein and so on. Then I have a third dish. Does it taste good? I love it. I love it so much I dream about it. Yeah, that's awesome. This is a. And then I have a third dish which is, it changes every day. Today it was kale and spinach and sweet potato. And then I take about 20 supplements that hopefully make, constitute a perfect nutritional profile. So what I'm trying to do is create the perfect diet for my body every single day. Where sleep is part of the optimization. That's right. You're like, one of the things you're really tracking. I mean, can you, well, I have a million question, but 20 supplements, like what kind are like, would you say are essential? Cause I only take, I only take athletic greens.com slash. That's like the multivitamin essentially. That's like the lazy man, you know, like, like if you don't actually want to think about shit, that's what you take and then fish oil and th
urther. But on the flip side, if we look at the recent breakthroughs using transforming networks or language models, it was a combination of novel architecture but also scale had a lot to do with it. If we look at what happened with GP2 and BERTZ, I think scale was a large part of the story. Yeah, that's not often talked about is the scale of the data set it was trained on and the quality of the data set because there's some, so it was like reddit threads that had, they were operated highly. So there's already some weak supervision on a very large data set that people don't often talk about, right? I find that today we have maturing processes to managing code, things like Git, right? Version control. It took us a long time to evolve the good processes. I remember when my friends and I were emailing each other C++ files in email, but then we had, was it CVS or version Git? Maybe something else in the future. We're very mature in terms of tools for managing data and think about the clean data and how to solve down very hot, messy data probl
s and so on, just a very hardcore, many scale compression of actual, the raw data. But maybe you can comment, because you're using the word cognition. I think the first step is to get the brain data. But is there a leap to be taking to sort of interpreting that data in terms of cognition? So is your idea is basically you need to start collecting data at scale from the brain, and then we start to really be able to take little steps along the path to actually measuring some deep sense of cognition. Because as I'm sure you know, we understand a few things, but we don't understand most of what makes up cognition. This has been one of the most significant challenges of building Kernel, and Kernel wouldn't exist if I wasn't able to fund it initially by myself. Because when I engage in conversations with investors, the immediate thought is, what is the killer app? And of course, I understand that heuristic, that's what they're looking at, is they're looking to de risk. Is the product solved? Is there a customer base? Are people willing to pay for 
u to our presenting sponsor Cash App download it use code LEX podcast you'll get ten dollars and ten dollars will go to FIRST an organization that inspires and educates young minds to become science and technology innovators of tomorrow if you enjoy this podcast subscribe on YouTube give it five stars on Apple podcast support it on Patreon or simply connect with me on Twitter at LEX Freedman and now let me leave you with some words of wisdom from Andrew Ng ask yourself if what you're working on succeeds beyond your wildest dreams would you have significantly helped other people? if not then keep searching for something else to work on otherwise you're not living up to your full potential thank you for listening and hope to see you next time to interpret GPS signals. Looking at the FPG is completely insane. Spent about a year working on that, didn't work. So I remember Peter, great guy, him and me, sitting down in my office looking at some of the latest things we had tried that didn't work and saying, done it, what now? Becau
muse about, is to me, the, when, when people are, I told you, I have to, we have two kids, late 20s, early 30s. And over the years, when people, when we meet people that know our kids and they're like, oh, your kids are kind and decent. And I'd be like, that's what I would like to be. Because I think intelligence is vastly overrated. You know, the Unabomber was a smart guy. Yeah. And I do admire intelligence and I do venerate education and I find that to be tremendously important. But if I had to pay the ultimate homage to myself, it would be to be known as somebody who takes himself too seriously to take myself too seriously. Again, as corny as it sounds, I'd like to leave the world a time when I can be known as somebody who takes himself too seriously. Again, as corny as it sounds, I'd like to leave the world a tad better than I found it, or at least do no harm. And, I think you, I think you did all right in that, in that regard. I love that question, Alex. That's a good one. I think everyone should be asked that. What is your soul? I think there's a lot of
y way to give yourself value 10 years from now. And so you become more short termist. And that is reflected economically in a lower savings rate and we see savings rates decline, but it is also reflected in all manners of decision making. And I think if you really wanna see what it is, take a look at a society that goes through hyperinflation and look at what happens there. How do people change under hyperinflation and compare that to essentially what we see in the 20th century all over under not hyperinflation, but under low inflation, 10, 15% that you see across the board most of the time is just slow motion hyperinflation. So what happens in hyperinflation? Everybody gets their paychecks, they run straight to the supermarket, they spend all of their money. Nobody thinks about savings. Nobody thinks about the future. Survival until the end of this month is highly uncertain. How likely are you to be planning for what you're going to be doing five years from now? Very unlikely. But also it's reflected not just economically, it's also reflec
, my days are like, this is embarrassing to admit, but they're like, just you and I here, just you and I. It's like 28 hours or 30 hour days. Like I'll just go all the way around comfortably and happily, I love it. And then there'll be a nap. I mean, if you like add up the hours when I'm just like sleeping as much as I want, it'd probably be like six hour average per 24 hours. Like that kind of, so it works out nicely, maybe even seven hours, I don't know. But that it's obviously irregular and there's chaos in the whole thing. Like sometimes it's shorter sleep, sometimes it's longer. Is that totally not a good thing, do you think? The best evidence that we have to speak to this question is people who are doing rotating shifts. And unfortunately the news is not good. They usually have a higher instance of many diseases such as depression, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, obesity, stroke. And again, that's just me communicating the data that we have and I'm not telling you that you should do anything different. The other thing is that there's nothing in your b
ave a ripple effect essentially it's supposed to directly having regulation from on top that says you can't do this. So I would be more open to the regulation approach, but at least in the US there's quite intense regulatory capture from the agricultural industry. And so attempts that we've seen to try and change regulation have it's been a real uphill struggle. There are some examples of ballot initiatives where the people have been able to vote in a ballot to say we want to ban eggs from cage conditions and that's been huge. That's been really good, but beyond that it's much more limited. So I've been really interested in the idea of hunting in general and wild animals and seeing nature as a form of cruelty that I am ethically more okay with. Okay, just from my perspective and then I read about wild animal suffering that I'm just I'm just giving you the kind of yeah notion of how I felt because animal because animal factory farming is so bad. Yeah that living in the woods seem good. Yeah, and yet when you actually start to think 
en't spoken to the fact that there's deeply rooted hatred of the other. So is there no way to alleviate that hatred? Or is that, I mean, what role does love and hate come? I think that hatred can go away. I really do. I mean, if you look at even now that I haven't seen this in person, but they say that the Saudis and the Israelis are collaborating in certain things, you know, by their mutual fear of or antagonism to Iran. I do think that even really long, long, longstanding hatreds and animosities, thousands of years old, can go away under the right circumstances. In a, on what time scale? I mean, for instance, I don't know if there's some, do people have to die? Do generations have to die and pass away and new generations come up with less hate? Or can a single individual learn to not hate? I think a single individual can learn to not hate because it certainly doesn't seem to, over thousands of years, doesn't seem to work. You know, we keep thinking that that's gonna happen. But I think it's, we're in a real spiritual realm here when you're talking 
 with an eye on for ourselves, self interest. Yeah. But all right. So, but back to Adam Smith for a second, Lex. He's like, Adam Smith, here's, he's got the invisible hand and my conservative friends. I'm like, you need to read his books because he is a big fan of the free market. And this is my other gripe with folks who support just unbridled markets. Adam Smith understood that there was a role for government for two reasons. One is, is that just like Locke, people are not going to behave with integrity. And he understood that one role of government is to maintain a proverbial, you know, even playing field. And then the other thing Smith said was that there's some things that can't be done well for a profit. And I believe he talked about education and public health and infrastructure as things that are best done by governments because you can't, you can make a profit, but that doesn't mean that the institutions themselves will be maximally beneficial. Yeah. So I would, I'm just eager to engage people by saying, let's start with our most contemp
ing online, they want to watch the videos by themselves. So you can play back, pause at your own speed rather than in groups. So that was one example of a tiny lesson learned out of many that allowed us to hone into the set of features. It sounds like a brilliant feature. So I guess the lesson to take from that is there's something that looks amazing on paper and then nobody uses it. It doesn't actually have the impact that you think it might have. And so, yeah, I saw that you really went through a lot of different features and a lot of ideas to arrive at Coursera, the final kind of powerful thing that showed the world that MOOCs can educate millions. And I think with the whole machine learning movement as well, I think it didn't come out of nowhere. Instead, what happened was as more people learn about machine learning, they will tell their friends and their friends will see how it's applicable to their work. And then the community kept on growing. And I think we're still growing. I don't know in the future what percentage of all de
ity of different values and exploration so that we can just work out what is kind of morally like what is good, what is bad and then pursue the thing that's bad. So actually, so the idea of wrong values is actually probably the beautiful thing is there's no such thing as right and wrong values because we don't know the right answer. We just kind of have a sense of which value is more right, which is more wrong. So any kind of lock in makes a value wrong because it prevents exploration of this kind. Yeah, and just, you know, imagine if fascist value, you know, imagine if there was Hitler's utopia or Stalin's utopia or Donald Trump's or Xi Jinping's forever. Yeah, you know, how good or bad would that be compared to the best possible future we could create? And my suggestion is it would really suck compared to the best possible future we could create. And you're just one individual. There's some individuals for whom Donald Trump is perhaps the best possible future. And so that's the whole point of us individuals exploring the space together
 people will only buy what they need. And it provides the money for the bread producers to acquire the capital and the resources they need to produce more bread, which then brings the price of bread down. But price controls destroy that. Then they also implement wage controls. So you wanna also make sure that people have high wages. So you raise people's wages artificially, you lower prices artificially, and you cause an economic problem. And this is basically, I use this historical example because it's the birth of fiat, because the Bank of England was the most important monetary system in the world at that time. And because it's the prototype that basically the entire planet copied over the last 100 years. We've had this same thing happen. The government prints money because of a stupid reason, because somebody in power decided this was worth destroying everybody's livelihood and savings for. And then the consequences come in and then they start covering up with price controls, wage controls, and then that makes things worse. And the
nking visually because the back of the brain is lit up, the visual cortex. It's probably going to be filled with past experience and autobiographical memories because their memory centers are lighting up. And there's probably going to be movement because their motor cortex is very active. That to me sounds very much like a dream. And that's exactly what we see in brain scanners when we've put people inside of them. One of the things I notice sleep affects is my ability to see the beauty in the world. So what do you think is the connection between sleep and your emotional life, your ability to love other human beings and love life? Yeah, I think it's very powerful and strong. So we've done a lot of work in the field of sleep and emotion and sleep and moods. And you can separate your emotions into two main buckets, positive and negative. And what's interesting is that when you are sleep deprived and the more hours that you go into being awake and the fewer hours that you've had to sleep, your negative mood starts to increase. And we k
ine and truck companies in the whole New York City Fire Department, we're pretty much the only one that's called by their nickname on the radio, not their number. So it tweaked some guys off in other places, you know, they may F you, Tally Ho, but it's just, yeah, it's a great, great heritage and we're really proud and Shamrock was, he was Irish and a lot of the guys back then were Irish immigrants from the area, from the neighborhood, and they would actually take the fire truck to church on Sunday and park out front and one guy would stay in it to hear the radio in case they got a call. So yeah, that's the proud history. And you said that if I wear this around New York, am I getting a little bit of? You might get a guy from the Bronx, go, hey, Tally Ho, screw you, you know? But I mean, it's all that good rivalry, you know? We like to, you know, we like to kid each other back and forth, you know, guys from Manhattan, we'll say, yeah, you guys are in Brooklyn, yeah, short buildings, tall stories. And they're like, yeah, you guys are in Manhattan, tall buildin
 chess, and within a couple of days, it now played a master level of chess greater than any human being. And the same thing then worked for AlphaFold, which no human had done. I mean, human beings could do, the best humans could maybe do 15, 20% of figuring out what the shape would be. And after a few takes, it ultimately did just about 100%. 100%. Do you still think the singularity will happen in 2045? And what does that look like? Once we can amplify our brain with computers directly, which will happen in the 2030s, that's gonna keep growing. That's another whole theme, which is the exponential growth of computing power. Yeah, so looking at price performance of computation from 1939 to 2021. Right, so that starts with the very first computer actually created by a German during World War II. You might have thought that that might be significant, but actually the Germans didn't think computers were significant, and they completely rejected it. The second one is also the ZUSA 2. And by the way, we're looking at a plot with the X axis being the year from 1935 to 2025. And on the Y
y for remembering. And in that sense, there is an enormous benefit to letting go. And you may be thinking, that sounds ridiculous. I don't want to forget. In fact, my biggest problem is I keep forgetting things, but the brain has a, well, we believe, has a finite storage capacity. We can't prove it yet, but my suspicion is that that's probably true. It doesn't have an infinite storage capacity. It has constraints. If that's the case, we can't simply go through life being constantly informational aggregators unless we are programmed to say, we've got a hard drive space of about 85 to 90 years and we're good and we can do that. Maybe that's true. I don't think that's true. I think forgetting is an incredibly good and useful thing. So for example, it's not beneficial from an evolutionary perspective for me to remember where I parked my car three years ago. So it's important that I can remember today's parking spot, but I don't want to have the junk kind of DNA from a memory perspective of where I parked my car two years ago. Now, I actually have in some way
And look, I won't get into any politics, but like that says something about someone's soul that they're willing to take a job like that and get now, get zero respect. So a guy like Steven, what that shows is the depth of that man's soul and courage and determination. It's hard to be selfless in this world anymore, but I still know a lot of selfless people that just put on equipment every day, bulletproof vests, fire bunker gear, stethoscopes, you know, flak jackets, military helmets, and they go in and they do it smiling. That young Marine that passed last week, she was photographed and quoted as saying, I have my dream job, but she was holding a little Afghani baby. And she was dead a few days later. She was so thrilled to be making $7 an hour helping people, right? Isn't that huge? Like that to me says, that's a true sign of character right there. And it's important for our society to elevate those people as heroes. Let me ask you about firefighting. What do you think it means to be a great firefighter and a great man, a great human being in a 
 if I put this chapter heading, you know, in, you know, a sans serif font? Yeah. It's a, it's just classic wanking. And so those options are closed off in what I'm doing. Is there advice you could say, what does it take to write a great story? The power of, of good yarns, good narratives to, um, pull people in is, is, uh, incredible. And I think my sort of amateur theory is that it's an evolutionary development that if you're, um, you know, uh, uh, cave person sitting around a fire in the rift valley a million years ago, um, if you can tell the story of how you escaped from the hyenas, um, or how uncle Bob, you know, didn't escape from the hyenas, and if the people listening to you can take that in and they can build that scenario in their heads, like a kind of virtual reality and see what you're describing, then you've just conferred an incredibly important advantage on the people who've heard that story. Yeah. Right. And so they know a bunch of stuff now about how to stay alive that they could not have learned in any other way. Um, I mean, animals who do
onate about 20% of my income. Then on the career side, I've also shifted kind of what I do, where I was initially planning to work on very esoteric topics in the philosophy of logic, philosophy of language, things that are intellectually extremely interesting, but the path by which they really make a difference to the world is, let's just say it's very unclear at best. And so I switched instead to researching ethics to actually just working on this question of how we can do as much good as possible. And then I've also spent a very large chunk of my life over the last 10 years creating a number of nonprofits who again in different ways are tackling this question of how we can do the most good and helping them to grow over time too. Yeah, we mentioned a few of them with the career selection, 80,000. 80,000 hours. 80,000 hours is a really interesting group. So maybe also just a quick pause on the origins of effective altruism because you paint a picture who the key figures are, including yourself in the effective altruism movement today. Yeah, there are tw
were doing across 833 samples? 833 is awesome, don't get me wrong, but 10 million is way more awesome. So we can now look at correlated activity across 2.3 million enhancers and 20,000 genes in each of millions of cells to basically start piecing together the regulatory circuitry of every single type of neuron, every single type of astrocytes, oligodendrocytes, microglial cell inside the brains of 1,500 individuals that we sample across multiple different brain regions across both DNA and RNA. So that's the data set that my team generated last year alone. So in one year, we basically generated 10 million cells from human brain across a dozen different disorders, across schizophrenia, Alzheimer's, frontotemporal dementia, Lewy body dementia, ALS, Huntington's disease, post traumatic stress disorder, autism, bipolar disorder, healthy aging, et cetera. So it's possible that even just within that data set lie a lot of keys to understanding these diseases and then be able to like directly leads to then treatment. Correct. Correct. So basically we are now motivating. Y
r girl and she was a young girl from one of the areas I work, young African American girl where I used to respond and I didn't know her, but I knew her neighborhood. And she had what I had, but they weren't sure which one. You know, leukemias, they're an elusive beast. There's 49 of them, right? And each one of them is like, they got their own little nuances, own specific treatments. So if they don't know what you have, they don't know what to do for you. And she refused to let him drill into her hip to take the marrow because it's vicious. It hurts so much. It's like someone born into your hip with a wood drill and it's no joke. And they asked me to try to convince her to let them do that or she was gonna die. Cause if they couldn't figure it out, it was advancing quickly. She was, so I talked to her and she said, I can't, I can't, I'm too scared. I said, but are you more scared to die? And she said, I am. I said, okay, I'll stay with you. I'll hold your hand. You squeeze it as hard as you want. I said, if you want, they'll give you like a towel or something to 
l, it doesn't. I can say I've never had a boner in the ring. In fact, if anything, old combat cock is like, we're not hanging around, we're leaving, we're going up. We're taking off, we don't want anything to do with this. You have fun, come back to us when you have something warmer, softer, smells better. But the power, the feeling of aliveness, yeah, I could see it. Back to even the concept of the Ubermensch, I feel like the states, the highest states of being I've ever been in were in the midst of conflict. I felt like that was the times, those are the moments in my life where I felt like I was at the highest level of being as a human in existence. But yet, even being in that state was not, it was not something that you could interact with people that weren't in that state with you. They wouldn't get it, you would almost seem, and to be that way all the time, either A, might drive you mad, or B, is you're not, you're something that's untenable to the rest of society. You can't function with everybody else. It will not work. It's just like you said with the 
internally, gonna take this more than just seriously, but take it truly seriously? And I just don't know if we have that capability, kind of mentally, to sound like Eric Weinstein for another moment. And to stay on the same topic, although on the surface shifting completely, because it is all the same topic. You have written and studied art. Why do you think we humans long to create art, human society in general and just the human mind? Well, most of us don't really long to create art, right? I would start with that point. You think so? You think that's a unique weirdness of some particular humans? I think, I don't know, 10% of humans roughly, which is a lot, but it is somewhat weird. I don't aspire to create art. You could say, like writing nonfiction, there's something art like about it, but it's a different urge, I would say. So why do some people have it? I think human brains are very different. It's a different notion of working through a problem. Like you and I enjoy working through analytic problems. For me, economics, for you, AI and other areas, o
sake. The primary victims of President Putin's power are Russians. They're not Ukrainians, although to a certain extent, Ukraine has suffered because of Putin's actions. And they're not Americans, they're Russians. Moreover, Russia has lost a great deal of human talent. Tens of millions of people have left Russia since 1991 overall. Somewhere between five and 10 million people have left the country and are beyond the borders of the former Soviet Union. So they left the Soviet space entirely. Moreover, the people who left are not the poor people. They're not the uneducated. They're not the losers. The people who've left are the more dynamic parts of the population. The better educated, the more entrepreneurial. So that human capital loss that Russia has suffered is phenomenal. And in fact, right here where we're sitting at MIT, we have examples of people who are qualified good enough for MIT and have left Russia to come to MIT. You're looking at one of them. And the other aspect, just to quickly comment, is those same people like me, I'm not welcome bac
ike this cup and I'll be overcome with joy how amazing it is to be alive. Like I actually think my biochemistry is such that it's not as common, like I've talked to people and I don't think that's that common. Like it's a, and it's not a rational thing at all. It's like, I feel like I'm on drugs and I'll just be like, whoa. And a lot of people talk about like the meditative experience will allow you to sort of, you know, look at some basic things like the movement of your hand as deeply joyful because it's like, that's life. But I get that from just looking at a cup. Like I'm waiting for the coffee to brew and I'll just be like, fuck, life is awesome. And I'll sometimes tweet that, but then I'll like regret it later, like, God damn it, you're so ridiculous. But yeah, so, but that is purely chemistry. Like there's no rational, it doesn't fit with the rest of my life. I have all this shit, I'm always late to stuff. I'm always like, there's all this stuff, you know, I'm super self critical, like really self critical about everything I do, to the point I almost hate e
game environment is actually different too. There's more uncertainty, there's more chaos in Pride, there's more. Go back a little further and go like, what about the guys that used to, like Dan Severn fought bare knuckle, head butts, the whole nine. You beat Dan Severn, right? I did beat Dan Severn. That was killing an idol, so to speak. Although I didn't really kill him because I still love him. He's still an, I mean, he's still responsible for inspiration along this whole pathway. It's meeting your God and then putting a knife in it, I guess. Realizing they're human and then bringing them down to your level. Exactly, but also there's a huge misconception there and that is that I could bring, maybe I could bring Dan Severn down to my level, but I couldn't bring his mustache down to my level. It is of mythic proportions and... Greater than yours. Your facial hair is greater than yours. My facial hair is creating its own legacy, but it is not Dan Severn mustache level or now Don Fry mustache. So Don Fry mustache, Dan Severn mustache. Now you have like S
omebody and it goes somewhere. But yeah, even the Elijah Wood remake I felt was really well done and captured most of the essence of what the movie was about. But I still feel like the original by William Lustig is the best. What's the greatest love movie of all time? Greatest love movie of all time. So like something where love is, I mean, I suppose love underlies most of these movies, and especially like The Dark. I mean hell, Takashi Miike's films are all about family of all things, as bonkers as those movies are. They, the general theme is family almost entirely in all of his films. Yeah, there's very, I mean, even you can argue later on. Yeah, it's everywhere. Greatest love film of all time. That's, I mean, is Excalibur a film about love? What's Excalibur about? King Arthur. Excalibur is about Arthur becoming king of the Britains and his love of his country and his love of Guinevere. But eventually, yeah, it becomes more of about the necessity for the king to love, to hold Excalibur, to stay, to realize that while, if you're the king, you can lo
e, right? And so if you have that unfettered capitalism aspect with it, and before I say anything particularly damning about unfettered capitalism, I'm a massive capitalist because I view capitalism essentially as, what it boils down to is I get these arguments to people too. They start giving me all these extra definitions about capitalism like, no, no, this is obviously some sort of theory you're taking from other shit. But that doesn't describe capitalism. Capitalism is the ability for us to create whatever we want or, you know, create our thoughts, ideas, physical things and trade them freely amongst each other in ways that we find acceptable, right? You know, I'm not even using the word fair because I might think it's fair to me. You might think, huh, well, I mean, that was actually, I think what he thought was unfair to him and it's more fair to me. And then someone, a third observer goes, oh man, you should not have paid that for that. You should have paid this. And it's like, well, you know what? It works for me without... Sufficiently accepta
was gold, but you had pieces of paper that were redeemable in gold. So you could go to the central bank, you'd give them the piece of paper, the $100 bill or the $10 bill and they'll give you gold in exchange and they give you a specific quantity of gold in exchange. Effectively, the paper was just a receipt for gold. So the paper exactly represented the amount of gold. Exactly, that was the plan. is that you only get funded if you come up with this conclusion. If you come up with a conclusion that we need to shut down the central bank, you don't get funded by the central bank. You don't get published in the journals. You don't get a job at the prestigious universities. You don't get quoted by a fiat publications like the New York Times and CNN. They don't invite you on as an expert. Well, that's a fundamental flaw with a lot of institutions we have today and throughout human history. Let me zoom off for just a second to the big question. What is economics in general? What's the goal? You said there's a bunch of models. Is any economist basically t
 country. Now, I'm sure the young Germans felt, well, hey, Hitler must be right, right? And young Russians felt, hey, Stalin must be right. And the young Americans figured, hey, President Roosevelt must be right. So they were romantically in a sense defending the honor of their country, of their motherland. The difference between those, so they did have that commonality. If you and I were firing across each other from France to Germany or, you know, from Germany to Russia or whatever, we're just these two kids who got thrown into this. We didn't freaking ask for this, right? But the difference with Jaco's enemy is no one was attacking their country over there, right? No one was taking their country over. Maybe in their mind, they didn't want people trying to build their government, this and that. I don't know, I don't know enough about the history there to really elaborate. We didn't attack them. And if a soldier attacks a soldier, that's an understood concept amongst warriors. But when a soldier attacks a civilian, now you're after a different beast, an
ike a quirk of our mind, or is it somehow fundamental? Because sleep feels like we take a step out of that consciousness a little bit. So from all your study of sleep, do you think consciousness is like deeply part of who we are or is it just a nice trick? I think it's a deeply embedded feature that I can imagine has a whole panoply of biological benefits. But to your point about sleep, what is interesting if you do a lot of dream research and we've done some, it's very, very rare at all, in fact, for you to end up becoming someone other than who you are in your dreams. Now you can have third person perspective dreams where you can see yourself in the dream as if you're sort of, you've risen above your physical being. But for the most part, it's very rare that we lose our sense of conscious self. And maybe I'm sort of doing a sleight of hand because it's really what I'm saying, it's very rare that we lose our sense of who we are in dreams. We never do. Now that's not to suggest that dreams aren't utterly bizarre. And I mean, when you slept l
tood? In your mind, you've proposed a lot of architectures there. Is that a key piece, or is it, is the big piece, the thousand brain theory of intelligence, the ensemble of it all? Well, I think they're both big. I mean, clearly the concept, as a theorist, the concept is most exciting, right? The high level concept. The high level concept. This is a totally new way of thinking about how the neocortex works. So that is appealing. It has all these ramifications. And with that, as a framework for how the brain works, you can make all kinds of predictions and solve all kinds of problems. Now we're trying to work through many of these details right now. Okay, how do the neurons actually do this? Well, it turns out, if you think about grid cells and place cells in the old parts of the brain, there's a lot that's known about them, but there's still some mysteries. There's a lot of debate about exactly the details, how these work and what are the signs. And we have that still, that same level of detail, that same level of concern. What we spend here most of 
ight, all those kinds of things, but it cannot be in the framework, in the context like what Edison said, which is sleep feels like a waste of time. So if you're not sleeping because you think sleep is stupid, that's totally wrong. But if you're not sleeping because you're deeply passionate about something, that to me, it's a gray area, of course, but that to me is much more admirable. And everything you're espousing is saying whatever the hell you're doing, you better be aware that sleep, long term and short term is really good for you. So if you're not sleeping, you're sacrificing, just make sure you're sacrificing for the right thing. I see vodka and getting drunk the same way. I know it's not good for me. I know I'm not gonna feel good days after. I know it's gonna decrease my performance. And there's nothing positive about it, except it introduces chaos in my life that introduces beautiful experiences that I would not otherwise have. It creates this turmoil of social interaction that ultimately makes me happy that I've experienced them in the
follow that up was not using charged particles like alphas and so forth, but use these newly discovered neutrons as the bombarding particle. It seemed impossible they barely had been seen. It was hard to get very many of them. But it had the advantage that they're not charged, so they go right into the nucleus. And that turned out to be the experimental work that he did that won him the Nobel Prize. And it was the first step in fission, discovery of fission. And he did this two completely different things, an experiment that was a great idea and a tremendous implementation, because how do you get enough neutrons? And then he learned quickly that not only do you want neutrons, but you want really slow ones. He learned that experimentally, and he learned how to make slow ones, and then they were able to go through the go through the periodic table and make lots of particles. He missed on fission at the moment, but he had the basic information, and then fission follows soon after that. Forgive me for not knowing, but is the birth of 
ears out, or is this a temporary thing that was true at the birth of the internet and it's just true for a couple of decades until it fades away and the adults take over and become serious again? Well, I think the adults took over initially and then it was later on that people started using it for fun, frivolous things like memes. And that's, I think that's pretty much unstoppable, you know, because even people who are very serious, you know, enjoy sending around a funny picture or something that amuses them. Yeah. I personally think we spoke about World War II. I think memes will save the world and prevent all future wars. You've been handwriting your work for the past 20 years since writing The Baroque Cycle. What are the pros and cons of handwriting versus typing? For me, I started it as an experiment when I started The Baroque Cycle because I had noticed that sometimes if I was stuck having a hard time getting started, if I just picked up a pen and started writing, it was easy to go. So I just decided to keep with that. If it got i
e, they would say what, like Einstein and Neil deGrasse Tyson maybe, and Neil deGrasse Tyson isn't exactly a scientist, he's a science communicator. So there's not the same kind of admiration of science and innovators as there is of like, athletes or actors, actresses, musicians. Well, you can become a celebrity scientist if you want to. It may or may not be best for science. And we have Spock from Star Trek, who is still a big deal, but look at it this way. Which country is most comfortable with inegalitarian rewards for scientists, whether it's fame or money? And I still think it's here. Some of that's just the tax rate. Some of it is a lot of America is set up for rich people to live really well. And again, that's going to attract a lot of top talent. And you ask like, the two best vaccines. I know the Pfizer vaccine is sort of from Germany, sort of from Turkey, but it's nonetheless being distributed through the United States. Moderna, an ethnic Armenian immigrant through Lebanon, first to Canada, then down here to Boston, Cambridge area. Those 
. Exactly. Yeah, and what's trying to figure out which is the path that will make America great again. Yeah, exactly. So how can effective altruism help? I mean, this is a really interesting notion they actually describing of artificial intelligence being used as extremely powerful technology in the hands of very few potentially one person to create some very undesirable effect. So as opposed to AI and again, the source of the undesirableness there is the human. Yeah, AI is just a really powerful tool. So whether it's that or whether AI's AGI just runs away from us completely. How as individuals, as people in the effective altruism movement, how can we think about something like this? I understand poverty and animal welfare, but this is a far out incredibly mysterious and difficult problem. Great. Well, I think there's three paths as an individual. So if you're thinking about, you know, career paths you can pursue. So one is going down the line of technical AI safety. So this is most relevant to the kind of AI winning AI taking over scenar
bunch of these, I've got a very quick short term memory. So I guess the lesson behind this is that most neural networks today are fully connected. Every neuron connects every other neuron from layer to layer. That's not correct in the brain. We don't want that. We actually don't want that. It's bad. You want a very sparse connectivity so that any neuron connects to some subset of the neurons in the other layer. And it does so on a dendrite by dendrite segment basis. So it's a very some parcelated out type of thing. And that then learning is not adjusting all these weights, but learning is just saying, okay, connect to these 10 cells here right now. In that process, you know, with artificial neural networks, it's a very simple process of backpropagation that adjusts the weights. The process of synaptogenesis. Synaptogenesis. Synaptogenesis. It's even easier. It's even easier. It's even easier. Backpropagation requires something that really can't happen in brains. This backpropagation of this error signal, that really can't happen. People are trying to
re wallet. Nice. So you should definitely invest in it yourself. And what would you call this? These are? Open dimes. Open dimes, yeah. So this is like USB that you can, like a hardware device that stores Bitcoin. Yeah, so you don't have to worry about knowing the password. It contains the password within it and it's tamper proof. So you can save the Bitcoin on it and. So when the apocalypse comes, you need the value to be stored, an actual thing that you can have in your physical possession. Yeah. And they're also restricting the production of artificial diamonds. This is the other thing. You can make artificial diamond, you can't make artificial gold. So they restrict the production of artificial diamond and they try and insist that, you know, you shouldn't take artificial diamonds, but they're indistinguishable from real diamonds. So it's an artificial scarcity. And I think there's gonna come a point at some point that this monopoly is gonna break. And a lot of people are gonna be left with essentially highly devalued jewelry. I'm gonna take t
hether to spend the next unit of money on water. The valuation that you give to water, given that you have a lot of water at home and that you live in a place that has abundant water is pretty low to the marginal unit, but it's very high for water overall. So if I asked you, how much would you spend for water in general? How much would you pay for water for all of your life? It would be a lot higher than diamonds. If I told you, you can only have water or diamonds for the rest of your life. You choose water, obviously, but nobody's ever had to make that choice. You only make your choices at the margin. So at the margin where we are, modern civilization, we have an abundance of water. That's why we have civilization and diamonds are very rare and scarce. And people are only buying, you buy your first diamond when you're gonna get married, you give it to your wife and that's gonna be the first few grams of diamond that she's ever gonna own. Giving my wife water. Smart move. You should definitely give her Bitcoin instead of diamonds. I tell 
h in, you will wait the recall. Or at the very least, if there isn't a recall, you get to your firehouse. And because if you show up somewhere, there's a good chance that no one knows you're there. And now you, in your well intended movements, you get lost or trapped or no one's looking for you. So that's the whole thing with, you know, checking in. And now you're with a squad or, you know, group of guys and everyone knows, you know, hey, there's Nels, there's Lex. Okay, they're on, you know, this team. So I said, all right, they're not gonna need us. It's probably gonna be a fifth alarm. And you know, there'll be 250 firefighters there. They'll handle it. It's gonna be a bad day for those guys, but you know, our guys take on some heavy stuff and they'll be fine. A few minutes later, the second plane hit and I knew immediately, I'm like, okay, we're under attack. So I just flew the truck back in. I told my boss, I have to go. He understood, he knew something was way wrong and I just was flying. At the time, I actually had a yellow Volkswagen Beetle, kind of a goofy car to b
hen we kick them out, it doesn't make any sense. Here's another view I have. I call it open borders for Belarus. Now Russia's a big country. I would gladly increase the Russian quota by three X, four X, five X, not 20%, but a big boost. But Belarus, a small country, and they're poor, and they have decent education, and a lot of talent there. Why can't we just open the door and convert a Belarus passport to a green card? Open borders for Belarus, it's my new campaign slogan. Are you running for president in 2024? Well, write ins are welcome, but. Okay, what's the second thing you disagree with, Eric? Trade, again, I'm not sure where he's at now, but he is suspicious of trade in a way that I am not. I do understand what's called the China shock has been a big problem for the US middle class. I fully accept that. I think most of that is behind us. National security issues aside, I think free trade is very much a good thing. Eric, I'm not sure he'll say it's not a good thing, but he won't say it is a good thing. And I know he's kind of, it's like, Eric, free trade. But look, o
hing is actually not just brains, but our thumb. Because there's a lot of animals with brains even bigger than humans. I mean, elephants have a bigger brain. Whales have a bigger brain. But they've not created technology because they don't have a thumb. So that's one of the really key elements in the evolution of humans. This physical manipulator device that's useful for puzzle solving in the physical reality. So I could think, I could look at a tree and go, oh, I could actually trip that branch down and eliminate the leaves and carve a tip on it and I would create technology. And you can't do that if you don't have a thumb. Yeah. So thumbs then created technology and technology also had a memory. And now those memories are competing with the scale and scope of human beings. And ultimately we'll go beyond it. And then we're gonna merge human technology with human intelligence and understand how human intelligence works, which I think we already do. And we're putting that into our human technology. So create the technology inspired by our o
ns, they pay the rent, and they invest all of that money based on the idea that if they behave according to what the nodes want, the nodes will reward them with Bitcoin. So the miners are in no position to dictate terms for anyone. You know, they've put up their capital upfront and they will only recoup it if they do what the nodes want. So therefore what really matters is the decentralization of the nodes. So we wanna, you wanna have as many nodes as possible. You should, you wanna have a system where there's a large number of nodes. And this is of course the biggest problem with other digital currencies is that, you know, because basically Bitcoin has cornered the market on a digital currency, the only way that you can really get traction is to generate a whole bunch of buzzwords about, you know, we're doing this and we're doing that. And so other digital currencies are optimized for bells and whistles and buzzwords. And that means adding computational load, which makes the nodes bigger, harder to operate, and therefore you have a v
omputation as more effective than deep learning in a certain context? Machine learning, broadly speaking. Maybe even supervised machine learning. I don't know if you want to draw any kind of lines and distinctions and borders where they rub up against each other kind of thing, where one is more effective than the other in the current state of things. Yes, of course, they are very different and they address different kinds of problems. And the deep learning has been really successful in domains where we have a lot of data. And that means not just data about situations, but also what the right answers were. So labeled examples, or they might be predictions, maybe weather prediction where the data itself becomes labels. What happened, what the weather was today and what it will be tomorrow. So they are very effective deep learning methods on that kind of tasks. But there are other kinds of tasks where we don't really know what the right answer is. Game playing, for instance, but many robotics tasks and actions in the world, decision ma
 physics today. And we have a promising proposal for how it works, which is a kind of theory of evolution. So there's this possible interaction, which we call a coupling, and there's a numerical quantity that tells us how strong that is. And traditionally in physics, we think of these kinds of numerical quantities as constants of nature that you just have to put them in. From experiment, they have a certain value and that's it. And who am I to question what God doing? They're just constant. Well, they seem to be just constants. I'm just wondering. But in this case, it's been fruitful to think and work out a theory where that strength of interaction is actually not a constant. It's a fun, it's a field. It's a, fields are the fundamental ingredients of modern physics. Like there's an electron field, there's a photon field, which is also called the electromagnetic field. And so all of these particles are manifestations of different fields. And there could be a field, something that depends on space and time. So a dynamical entity instead of just a c
ferent personalities, and to me that's an absolute. I don't wanna, don't come at me with all your other fucking social sciences crap. No, we have distinct personalities. That personality, who you really are, and this, again, Heidegger, Dasein, being authentic. If you're authentic with who you are, goods and bads, you will know how to create what that is, and for me, violence and fighting and conflict was something that always felt normal to me, and I don't mean normal in, like I grew up in a war zone or an abusive household or something like that. I just meant that, and I was a kid who was very joyful and inquisitive, and spent a lot of time around older people, of all things, and also, while I don't think I have much capability toward engineering, my mom said that one of the first things as like a little baby, when she put me in my sister's old crib, instead of my sister who just milled about and was fine with it all, the first thing I did was I completely deconstructed it. I didn't break it. I figured out how to pull it apart. Curiosity about the
n in just seconds. Cash App also has an investing feature. You can buy fractions of a stock, say $1 worth, no matter what the stock price is. Your services are provided by Cash App Investing, a subsidiary of Square, and member SIPC. I'm excited to be working with Cash App to support one of my favorite organizations called FIRST, best known for their FIRST Robotics and Lego competitions. They educate and inspire hundreds of thousands of students in over 110 countries and have a perfect rating on Charity Navigator, which means the donated money is used to maximum effectiveness. When you get Cash App from the App Store, Google Play, and use code LexPodcast, you'll get $10, and Cash App will also donate $10 to FIRST, which again, is an organization that I've personally seen inspire girls and boys to dream of engineering a better world. And now, here's my conversation with Stephen Kotkin. Do all human beings crave power? No. Human beings crave security. They crave love. They crave adventure. They crave power, but not equally. Some human beings nevertheless
ng to this conversation with Ray Kurzweil. To support this podcast, please check out our sponsors in the description. And now, let me leave you with some words from Isaac Asimov. It is change, continuous change, inevitable change that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be. This, in turn, means that our statesmen, our businessmen, our everyman, must take on a science fictional way of thinking. Thank you for listening, and hope to see you next time. until it got to that level. And we had large language models that were like 10 billion bytes, didn't work very well. They finally got to a hundred billion bytes and now they work fairly well. And now we're going to a trillion bytes. If you say lambda has a hundred billion bytes, what does that mean? Well, what if you had something that had one byte, one parameter, maybe you wanna tell whether or not something's an elephant or not. And so you put in something that would 
 you today. Pretty much everything that we use was invented in that period. The car, the airplane, the telegraph, the telephone, the camera, pretty much modern life as late 19th century. You know, the period between 1870 and 1914, because the whole world was practically on a gold standard, the whole world was using the same money, and the whole world could save in the same currency. That meant that a bicycle shop owner, two bicycle shop owning brothers in North Carolina could go and try and fly, even as all the scientific experts in 1903 were confirming that the possibility of flight has been debunked as unscientific. You know, Lord Kelvin said, not in a million years we're going to be flying. Thomas Edison said it's never gonna happen. No, I think it was Edison who said a million years, but Kelvin also said it's never gonna happen. The New York Times said it's never gonna happen the same month in which the Wright brothers did it. And they continued to deny that it was gonna happen even two years after they did it. But that's, why could they do that? Bec
 protein has a particular preference to only a small number of hotspots of recombination, which then lead to a small number of breaks between these coinheritance patterns. So even though there are 6 million variants, there are 6 million loci, this variation is inherited in blocks and every one of these blocks has like two dozen genetic variants that are all associated. So in the case of FTO, it wasn't just one variant, it was 89 common variants that were all humongously associated with obesity. Which one of those is the important one? Well, if you look at only one locus, you have no idea. But if you look at many loci, you basically say, aha, all of them are enriching in the same epigenomic map. In that particular case, it was mesenchymal stem cells. So these are the progenitor cells that give rise to your brown fat and your white fat. Progenitor is like the early on developmental stem cells? So you start from one zygote and that's a totipotent cell type. It can do anything. You then, you know, that cell divides, divides, divides, and then ev
t, the design, manufacturing, distribution of intelligence going to zero, which then means what's really going on? What are we really doing? We're negotiating the terms and conditions of existence. Do you worry about the survival of this process that life as we know it on Earth comes to an end or at least intelligent life, that as the cost goes to zero something happens where all of that intelligence is thrown in the trash by something like nuclear war or development of AGI systems that are very dumb, not AGI I guess, but AI systems, the paperclip thing, en masse is dumb but has unintended consequences where it destroys human civilization. Do you worry about those kinds of things? I mean, it's unsurprising that a new thing comes into the sphere of human consciousness. Humans identify the foreign object, in this case, artificial intelligence. Our amygdala fires up and says scary, foreign, we should be apprehensive about this. And so it makes sense from a biological perspective that humans, the knee jerk reaction is fear. What I don't thi
fficult, not aliens visiting us but traveling to other places to find a common language? You've written about the importance of language in intelligent civilizations. How difficult is the problem to bridge the gap between aliens and humans in terms of language so we're not lost in translation? Yeah, I mean, there's different takes on that depending on how biologically similar they are to us, you know. I mean, there's a school of thought that says, basically, advanced life has to be carbon based for just reasons of chemistry. So right away, if you impose that limitation, then you're kind of assuming something that's starting to be biologically similar to us. So if they're about as big as we are and they kind of move around in space, in a physical body the way we do, then there's probably a way to solve that communication problem. If they're beings of pure energy from Star Trek or something like that, then it's a different story. Well, I love thinking about that kind of stuff too. I mean, consciousness itself may be alien. I mean, it could be, li
o me actually how wrong. Like I tend to give them more benefit of the doubt because it's a really hard thing to do right and people don't necessarily realize it, but how do we respect in your view people's privacy? Yeah, I mean in the case of how worried are people about using their data, I mean there's a lot of public debate and criticism about it. When we look at people's revealed preferences, people's continuing massive use of these sorts of services. It's not clear to me how much people really do care. Perhaps they care a bit, but they're happy to in effect kind of sell their data in order to be able to kind of use a certain service. That's a great term, revealed preferences. So these aren't preferences you self report in the survey. This is like your actions speak. Yeah, exactly. So you might say, oh yeah, I hate the idea of Facebook having my data. But then when it comes to it, you actually are willing to give that data in exchange for being able to use the service. And if that's the case, then I think unless we have some explanation ab
The following is a conversation with Manolis Kellis, his third time on the podcast. He is a professor at MIT and head of the MIT Computational Biology Group. This time we went deep on the science, biology, and genetics. So this is a bit of an experiment. Manolis went back and forth between the basics of biology to the latest state of the art in the research. He's a master at this, so I just sat back and enjoyed the ride. This conversation happened at 7am, so it's yet another podcast episode after an all nighter for me. And once again, since the universe has a sense of humor, this one was a tough one for my brain to keep up, but I did my best and I never shy away from a good challenge. Quick mention of each sponsor, followed by some thoughts related to the episode. First is SEMrush, the most advanced SEO optimization tool I've ever come across. I don't like looking at numbers, but someone probably should, it helps you make good decisions. Second is Pessimist Archive, they're back, one of my favorite history podcasts on why people resist new
s there any more, I'm a huge theory is like, yeah, yeah. But like bridges, when I look at bridges from a civil engineering perspective, it's one of the most beautiful creations by human beings. It's physics. You're using physics to construct objects that can support huge amount of mass and it's like structural, but it's also beautiful. And that humans can collaborate to create that throughout history. And then you take this on another level. This is, this is like, it's exciting to me beyond measure that humans can create something so precise. But another concept lost in this, you just said, you started talking about single cell. Yeah. Okay. You have to realize this discovery that we made that everybody's bought off on happened 1.3 billion years ago, somewhere. And then the signal came to us 1.3 billion years ago, we were just converting on the earth from single cell to multi cell life. So when this actually happened, this collision of two black holes, we weren't here. We weren't even close to developing single. Yeah, we were had, we're going from single c
a 10x increase in several aspects of this prize, including the money, to 500,000 Euros. The better your compressor works relative to the previous winners, the higher fraction of that prize money is awarded to you. You can learn more about it if you Google simply Hutter Prize. I'm a big fan of benchmarks for developing AI systems, and the Hutter Prize may indeed be one that will spark some good ideas for approaches that will make progress on the path of developing AGI systems. This is the Artificial Intelligence Podcast. If you enjoy it, subscribe on YouTube, give it five stars on Apple Podcast, support it on Patreon, or simply connect with me on Twitter at Lex Friedman, spelled F R I D M A N. As usual, I'll do one or two minutes of ads now and never any ads in the middle that can break the flow of the conversation. I hope that works for you and doesn't hurt the listening experience. This show is presented by Cash App, the number one finance app in the App Store. When you get it, use code LEX PODCAST. Cash App lets you send money to friends, bu
s explorations and solutions to the puzzle and more a kind of halfhearted dismissal. And Avi, as you mentioned to him on your podcast with him, he's been attacked an awful lot. And when I hear the idea carrier attacked, I get very suspicious of the critics. If he's wrong, like just tell me why. Like my ears are open. I don't have a set view on Oumuamua, you know. I know I can't judge Avi's arguments. He can't convince me in that sense. I'm too stupid to understand how good his argument may or may not be. And like you said, ultimately, in the argument, in the meeting of that debate is where we find the wisdom. Like dismissing it, there's one other thing that troubles me. There's a bunch of people, like Nietzsche sometimes dismiss this way. Ayn Rand is sometimes dismissed this way. Oh, here we go. Like there's a, as opposed to arguing against her ideas, dismissing it outright. And that's not productive at all. She may be wrong on a lot of things, but like laying out some arguments, even if they're basic human arguments, that's where we arrive at the wisdo
d 100 feet on a street with something. You were trying to climb over this I beam and then down into this hole and then back up that hole. I mean, just to run one piece of equipment took a half an hour to get 100 feet, 200 feet. You know, mind you, some of these pieces of equipment are 100 pounds, you know, generator for hearse tools, this massive motor on a frame. Unstable ground. Unstable ground, just horrible conditions. Fires were still burning aside you, beneath you. And at one point, I kind of veered off to the side and I was with this other fireman from my father's old ladder company, 172. And it was strange because we were quite a bit down, like 70 feet down into this ravine of debris. And he says, brother, what do you hear? And at the time it was like dust, it was like sand just falling down a pile and it was hissing from gas pipes and water pipes. And I said, I hear the gas lines, I hear the sand, I hear the concrete. He goes, no, no, what else do you hear? And just the side of us was a lady's pocketbook and a high heel shoe and someone's sneaker with n
, but what we see has some puzzles. This is kind of the way science works, I guess. We see heavier ones than up to, we've seen one system that was 140 times the mass of our own sun. That's not believed to be possible with the parent being a big star because big stars can only be so big or they are unstable. It's just the fact that they live in an environment that makes them unstable. So the fact that we see bigger ones, they may be come from something else. It's possible that they were made in a different way by little ones eating each other up or maybe they were made or maybe they came with the big bang. The prime, what we call primordial, which means they're really different. They came from that. We don't know at this point if they came with a big bang, then maybe they account for what we call dark matter or some of it. Hmm. Like there was a lot of them if they came with it because there's a lot of dark matter. Yeah. But will gravitational waves give you any kind of intuition about the origin of these oscillating? We think that if we see
ousands of advanced civilizations in each galaxy. And another one gives you one civilization. And we know of one. A lot of the analyses are forgetting the exponential growth of computation. Because we've gone from where the fastest way I could send a message to somebody was with a pony, which was what, like a century and a half ago? To the advanced civilization we have today. And if you accept what I've said, go forward a few decades, you can have absolutely fantastic amount of civilization compared to a pony, and that's in a couple hundred years. Yeah, the speed and the scale of information transfer is growing exponentially in a blink of an eye. Now think about these other civilizations. They're gonna be spread out at cosmic times. So if something is like ahead of us or behind us, it could be ahead of us or behind us by maybe millions of years, which isn't that much. I mean, the world is billions of years old, 14 billion or something. So even a thousand years, if two or 300 years is enough to go from a pony to fantastic amount of civilizati
and which genes correlate with disease by a lot, even if the genetic variants change them by a little, then those are the best places to intervene. Those are the best places where pharmaceutical, if I have even a modest effect, I will have a strong effect on the disease, whereas those genetic variants that have a huge effect on the disease, I might not be able to change that gene by this much without affecting all kinds of other things. Interesting. So that's what we're looking at. What have we been able to find in terms of which disease could be helped? Again, don't get me started. We have found so much. Our understanding of disease has changed so dramatically with genetics. I mean places that we had no idea would be involved. So one of the worst things about my genome is that I have a genetic predisposition to age related macular degeneration, AMD. So it's a form of blindness that causes you to lose the central part of your vision progressively as you grow older. My increased risk is fairly small. I have an 8% chance. You only have a
 you encounter in your daily life for the most part. Those are extraordinary people. Most of them don't have the opportunity to live that dream. Very few of them, in fact, end up with the opportunity to live that dream. So percentage wise, in your sense, if we think of George Washington, for example, would most people given the choice of absolute power over a country versus maybe the capped power that the United States presidential role, at least at the founding of the country represented, what do you think most people would choose? Well, Washington was in a position to exercise far greater power than he did. And in fact, he didn't take that option. He was more interested in seeing institutionalization, of seeing the country develop strong institutions rather than an individual leader like himself have excess power. So that's very important. So like I said, not everyone craves unconstrained power, even if they're very ambitious. And of course, Washington was very ambitious. He was a successful general before he was a president. So that cl
something new. I need to recognize a new pattern. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna form new synapses. New synapses, we're gonna rewire the brain onto that section of the dendrite. Once I've done that, everything else that neuron has learned is not affected by it. That's because it's isolated to that small section of the dendrite. They're not all being added together, like a point neuron. So if I learn something new on this segment here, it doesn't change any of the learning that occur anywhere else in that neuron. So I can add something without affecting previous learning. And I can do it quickly. Now let's talk, we can talk about the quickness, how it's done in real neurons. You might say, well, doesn't it take time to form synapses? Yes, it can take maybe an hour to form a new synapse. We can form memories quicker than that, and I can explain that how it happens too, if you want. But it's getting a bit neurosciencey. That's great, but is there an understanding of these mechanisms at every level? Yeah. So from the short term memories and the formin
 them. I mean, when it's real, people will want to fight and people will want to pay to fight. And I mean, I think, though, on this particular example, I think the best way to fight Hitler is to have not fought World War I and not take out the Kaiser of Germany. If Britain and the US had not gotten involved in World War I, which really is the senseless war about nothing, what was in it? And what was the goal from anybody fighting that war? If you look at it, after World War I, there were very minor adjustments in the borders of the countries that were participating. So Germany lost some land, Austria lost some land, but really it wasn't all that massive. And it wasn't like Britain wanted to take over Germany and move their people into Germany and kick the Germans out. So there was no real value from that war. And that's why the British people didn't want to take part in it. And that's why if they hadn't done this enormously criminal manipulation of printing money to buy the bonds, Britain wouldn't have gotten into the war. Germany would sti
tter for just a second, do you think human beings are able to reflect in a productive way? I don't mean to make it sound bad, because there is a lot of fights and politics and division in our discourse. Maybe if you zoom out, it actually is civilized discourse. It might not feel like it, but when you zoom out. So, I don't want to say that Twitter is not civilized discourse. I actually believe it. It's more civilized than people give it credit for. But do you think the long reflection can actually be stable, where we as human beings with our descendant of eight brains would be able to sort of rationally discuss things together and arrive at ideas? I think, overall, we're pretty good at discussing things rationally, and at least in the earlier stages of our lives being open to many different ideas, and being able to be convinced and change our views. I think that Twitter is designed almost to bring out all the worst tendencies. So, if the long reflection were conducted on Twitter, maybe it would be better just not even to bother. But I t
ople who run universities or are secretaries of state or run corporations, fill in the blank. In whatever ways power is exercised, it becomes almost a drug for people. It becomes something that's difficult for them to give up. It becomes a part of who they are. It becomes necessary for their sense of self and well being. The greatest people, the people I admire the most are the ones that can step away from power, can give up the drug, can be satisfied, can be stronger even by walking away from continued power when they had the option to continue. So with a person like Putin, once again, I don't know him personally, so I have no basis to judge this. This is a general statement observable with many people and in historical terms. With a person like Putin who's exercised this much power for this long, it's something that becomes a part of who you are and you have a hard time imagining yourself without it. You begin to conflate your personal power with the well being of the nation. You begin to think that the more power you have, the bet
nk of it as, you know, they think Palestinians are just out there to get Israelis because they hate them, but it's an inescapable tragedy. I don't have a home anywhere. Is there an escape from this tragedy in the future that you see if you zoom out across the scale of decades, will we see, I hesitate to say peace, but a significant decrease in human suffering in this part of the region? I certainly hope so. And I think, you know, my interest in Bitcoin comes from, came from a place of desperation with the situation there. Traditional politics is a dead end. I don't see what I can be doing to make things better there using traditional politics. And I think a good friend of mine, Pierre Rochard, you may know him on Twitter, one of the brightest minds in Bitcoin in my opinion, he told me his theory is that Bitcoin is gonna bring peace to the Middle East because land is a shit coin. And I think he's got a very good point there, that this fixation with land and the bitterness with which people have to live, land is likely to decline when pe
think are generally applicable. One is to cast a wide net, to really look around and see what looks promising, what catches your imagination and promising. Yeah, and those, you have to balance those two things. You could have things that catch your imagination, but don't look promising in the sense that the questions aren't ripe or, and things that you, and part of what makes things attractive is that, whether you thought you liked them or not, is if you can see that there's ferment and new ideas coming up that become, that's attractive in itself. So when I started out, I thought I was, and when I was an undergraduate, I intended to study philosophy or questions of how mind emerges from matter. But I thought that that wasn't really right. Timing isn't right yet. The right, the timing wasn't right for the kind of mathematical thinking and conceptualization that I really enjoy and am good at. But, so that's one thing, cast a wide net, look around. And that's a pretty easy thing to do today because of the internet. You can look at all kinds of thi
ld one read first? So when people ask me that, I usually ask them what they like to read, right? Because, uh, I mean, there's the best known one is probably snow crash, but that's a cyber punk novel. That's at the same time, making fun of cyber punk. Um, so it's kind of got some layers to it that, uh, might not seem so funny if you don't have that, if you don't get the joke, right? So, um, there's, uh, I've written, as you point out, I've written historical novels. Some people like those. Some people prefer those. So if that's what you like, then kryptonomicon or the baroque cycle is where you would start if you like sort of techno thrillers that are set in a modern day setting, but aren't science fictiony per se, then, uh, Reamdy, um, is one of those. And termination shock, um, is, is, is definitely one of those. Um, so it just depends on, on, uh, what people like. What, what, uh, when people a long time ago recommend I read snow crash, they said, uh, it's the, it's Neil Stevenson light. It's the, uh, like if you don't want to be overwhelmed by the depth, like the rigor book, l
netary system, the thing you wanna do as a government is be the sexiest currency out there. So the main currency, like the dollar currently is, is the one that has the most power in that kind of context. So you have, if you were to try to summarize what is the global monetary system as it is today, is a bunch of fiat currencies battling for position, for use outside their nation, and in so doing trying to gain power in the geopolitical sense. Is that, if we just zoom out, what is the global monetary system? Like how, what is it currently? So outside of the United States, the whole thing. Yeah, you could say that, but I think it's more realistic looking at how it has actually evolved over the past few decades. It's really a dollar system. It's not a system of currencies buying with one another. It's a dollar system, and all other currencies are just basically, I like to call them dollar plus country risk. So each. It always returns home to the dollar. Yeah, there is no competition. There is no second best, as Michael Saylor would say. And money
er, we still had a presence and abruptly withdrew all troops. What do you think about this war across the world that was sparked by this tragedy? Whenever you do something quickly without thinking it out, thinking it through and planning, it doesn't succeed. I understand that we needed to exit. I mean, how long were you gonna stay over there? And we've lost over 7,000 of our young souls over there. For sometimes people, I don't know if they're grateful for it or not, right? I mean, I don't know. So there's the other element, and sorry to interrupt. One is the financial of $6 trillion and that money is not just money, it's education, it's everything, it's money that could have gone towards, first of all, the first responders, but all the servicemen and women of all kinds throughout this country. And then there's the other side, which is the over 800,000 people who died in direct result of this conflict. So not just the American side of the troops, but just people who died, those humans. And those humans, many of them civilians, that's spreading hate, especially if y
d I think the same thing will happen with any intelligent agent we develop if it behaves in a way sufficiently close to humans or maybe even not humans. I mean, maybe a dog is also sometimes a little bit self conscious, right? So if it behaves in a way where we attribute typically consciousness, we would attribute consciousness to these intelligent systems. And I see probably in particular that of course doesn't answer the question whether it's really conscious. And that's the big hard problem of consciousness. Maybe I'm a zombie. I mean, not the movie zombie, but the philosophical zombie. Is to you the display of consciousness close enough to consciousness from a perspective of AGI that the distinction of the hard problem of consciousness is not an interesting one? I think we don't have to worry about the consciousness problem, especially the hard problem for developing AGI. I think, you know, we progress. At some point we have solved all the technical problems and this system will behave intelligent and then super intelligent. And
 Cas9 to edit a genome with these thousand perturbations or with the activation or with the repression. And you now can have a single cell readout where every single cell has received one of these modifications. And you can now in massively parallel ways, couple the perturbation and the readout in a single experiment. How are you tracking which perturbations each cell received? So there's ways of doing that, but basically one way is to make that perturbation an expressible vector so that part of your RNA reading is actually that perturbation itself. So you can basically put it in an expressible part so you can self drive it. So the point that I want to get across is that the sky's the limit. You basically have these tools, these building blocks of molecular biology. We have these massive data sets of computational biology. We have this huge ability to sort of use machine learning and statistical methods and, you know, linear algebra to sort of reduce the dimensionality of all these massive data sets. And then you end up with a
ars. Is that? It's very unlikely. In that sense, I accept the argument, but that's why you need to let the clock tick. It's also the best argument for bureaucracy. To negotiate a bureaucracy, it actually selects against pure evil because you need to build alliances. So bureaucracy in that regard is great, right? It keeps out the worst apples. But look, put it this way, could you imagine 35 years from now, the Osama bin Laden of the future has nukes or very bad bio weapons? It seems to me you can. And Osama was pretty evil. And actually even he failed, right? But nonetheless, that's what the 700 or 800 years is there for. And there might be destructive technologies that don't have such a high cost of production or such a high learning curve. Like cyber attacks or artificial intelligence, all those kinds of things. Yeah. I mean, let me ask you a question. Let's say you could as an act of will, by spending a million dollars, obliterate any city on earth and everyone in it dies. And you'll get caught and you'll be sentenced to death, but you can make it happen
onvincing, but you don't want to fool yourself. So being a scientist, for me, we had to go through and try to understand that the instrument itself, which was new, I said we had rebuild it, couldn't somehow generate things that look like this. That took some tests. And then the second, you'll appreciate more, we had to somehow convince ourselves we weren't hacked in some clever way. Cybersecurity question. Yeah. Even though we're not on the internet, but... Yeah. No, it can be physical access too. Yeah. That's fascinating. It's fascinating that you would think about that. I mean, not enough. I mean, because it matches prediction. So the chances of it actually being manipulated is very, very low. But nevertheless... We still could have disgruntled all the graduate students who had worked with us earlier that... Who want you to... I don't know how that's supposed to embarrass you. I suppose, yeah. I suppose I see. But about what I think you said, within a month, you kind of convinced yourself officially. Within a month, we convinced ourselves. We kept a thousand coll
good chunk of the Gulag Archipelago when I was a teenager because my grandfather had it in his house because he was one of these Americans who was obsessed with the Soviet Union and the Soviet threat and wanted people to be aware of some of what had happened. And so he had those books lying around and I would read them. And it's a similar kind of parallel story to what happened in Germany during the war, this creation of this system of camps and oppression and lots of troubling behavior. To me it's a story of how fear and desperation combined with a charismatic leader can lead to evil. But it's also a story of bravery, of love, of brotherhood and sisterhood and basically survival. You have a man's search for meaning, which is the story of a man in a concentration camp basically finding beauty in life even under most extreme conditions. So to me World War II is not necessarily a bleak view of human nature. It's a little moment of evil that revealed a much bigger good in humanity. So I'm not so sure that it leads me to a pessimi
hallucination play in the effectiveness of money? Exactly zero, because all of the paper money, first of all, there's never been an instance, and again, this flies in the face of a lot of what a lot of people like to think about money. There's never been an instance where a government came out and said, all right, we're printing out these pieces of paper, use them as money. This one is worth 10 apples or use it for buying things, and here's the piece of paper. This has never happened. They've always taken fiat money, paper money, all of these things were always born out of fraud. Initially, it was a receipt for gold, and then they told you, well, you know, you don't need the gold anyway, and you have to use this, and then if you don't use it, we throw you in jail. And then, so first of all, it doesn't, you can't enforce this thing, so it's never really just happened, and it's never been hallucinated into existence. People can hallucinate this kind of nonsense in writing textbooks and books and in academia, but in the real world, people don't hallucinate mo
d, you know, I'm young, I'm resourceful, I'll do anything. I'll just want to, I'm entrepreneurial. I tried to get a job that would be flexible and no one responded. And then I interviewed at a few dozen places. Nobody would even give me the time of day. Like it wouldn't want to take me seriously. And so finally I, it was on monster.com that I saw this job posting for credit card sales door to door. Commission. I did not know the story, this is great. I love the head drop, that's exactly right. So it was. The low points to which we go in life. So I responded and you know, the person made an attempt at suggesting that they had some kind of standards that they would consider hiring. But it's kind of like, if you could fog a mirror, like come and do this because it's 100% commission. And so I started walking up and down the street in my community selling credit card processing. And so what you learn immediately in doing that is if you walk into a business, first of all, the business owner is typically there. And you walk in the door and they can tell by h
n things like vaccines, I don't believe in free trade. You want vaccine production in your own country, look at the EU. They have enough money, no one will send them vaccines. What's different about vaccines? Is it, there's some things you want to prioritize the citizenry on. You could argue it would be cheaper to produce all US manufactured vaccines in India. They have the technologies, obviously lower wages, but look, there's talk in India right now of cutting off the export of vaccines. If you outsource your vaccine production, you're not sure the other country will respect the norm of free trade. So you need to keep some vaccine production in your country. It's an exception to free trade, not to the logic, a bunch of things the Navy uses. You can't buy those components from China. That's insane. But look, it would be cheaper to do so, right? Yeah. Let me completely shift topics on something that's fascinating. It's all the same topic, but great. Everything is interesting. What do you think about what the hell is money? And the recent excitement 
r cryptocurrencies, they see that's one possible way to give power to those that live in regimes that are corrupt or are not respectful of human rights and all those kinds of things. What's your sense, just all your expertise with payments and seeing how that changed the world, what's your sense about the lay of the land for the future of Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies in the positive impact it may have on the world? To be clear, my communication wasn't meant to minimize payments or to denigrate it in any way. It was an attempt at communication that when I was surveying the world, it was an algorithm of what could I individually do? So there are things that exist that have a lot of potential that can be done. And then there's a filtering of how many people are qualified to do this given thing. And then there's a further characterization that can be done of, okay, given the number of qualified people, will somebody be a unique out performer of that group to make something truly impossible to be something done that otherwise co
n sports, the ego serves a more important role, I think, than it does in writing. And the ego, there's something. Well, let me, when you say that, I know what you mean, Lex, and I do think there is a sort of a, you know, it's interesting to watch interviews with Steph Curry, who's such, obviously such a nice guy, but he's got such tremendous self confidence, you know, that it, but it doesn't border on ego so much because he's worked so hard for it, you know? But he knows, so he has visualized. He has visualized maybe not so much winning, you know, as just him being the best he can be, him being in the flow, you know, doing his thing that he knows he can do. And I do think in the creative world, yeah, there is a sort of a thing like that, where you, where, and, you know, a choreographer or a filmmaker or whatever might be, do an internal thing where they're saying, I can make an Oscar winning movie. I can direct this movie. You know, I'm banishing these thoughts that I'm not good enough. I can do that. I can edit it. I can score it. I can, you know, bump it, bump it
d you came up short. Right. Or failed miserably. Okay, so. Especially if you're embarrassed in some way. Right. It's usually the only time people, again, calamity, is the impetus for them to actually turn around and go, who the fuck am I? What am I doing and why am I doing it? Instead of naturally going, hmm, okay, well I won. Why? What was it the cause? And so I think part of my success is that when I win, I'm brutal. When I lose, I'm brutal. And there is no in between. So I remember losing the rematch against Noguera. And I still feel like it was a bullshit call. I feel like I won that fight. But my opinion is that, and this even came up, so one of the coaches in the back was like, oh, you did great, don't feel bad, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I go, no, fuck that. I didn't finish him. I allowed the referees to make a judge, a decision that I think is incorrect and bad, but that came because I didn't take him out. Fuck that, no, no. He won, he's gonna get more money, he's gonna get more recognition, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I accept all this and it's not ok
the way it's set up now. Though if fossil fuel prices go up, they'll have some good years for sure. And that is really quite structural, what has gone wrong. And then on top of that, you can have an opinion of Putin, but you've got to start with those structural problems. And that's why it's just not going to work. But he had all those good years in the beginning. So the number of Russians, say, who live here or in Russia, who love Putin and it's sincere, they're not just afraid of being dragged away, like that's a real phenomenon. Yeah, I'm really torn on Putin's approval rating, real approval rating seems to be very high. And I'm torn in whether that has to do with the fact that there is control of the press, or if it's, which is the people I talked to who are in Russia, family and so on, a genuine love of Putin, appreciation of what Putin has done and is going to do with Russia. And a lot of that would go away if the press were freer, I think. Yes, well, Singapore realizes this, anyone discussed by the press, no matter who they are, people in Singap
rying to throw a bunch of models about human behavior on the table and try to generalize it to the global scale? So both dance between micro and macro somehow in order to determine public policy and explain the past, predict the future, prescribe policies that can control the future, those kinds of things. This is the big basic ridiculous question of what is economics? Economics is the study, the way the Austrians define it is the study of how humans make choices under the condition of scarcity. We begin with the starting point of economics as the fact that scarcity exists. And why does scarcity exist? Well, because it's easier to want things than it is to make them. It's much easier to want a Ferrari than it is to make one. And so because we have wants and we have limited means to meet those wants, we need to economize. It's a permanent marker of the human condition. We are always economizing at all times. And so how people make those decisions under the conditions of scarcity is what economists study. So to go back to your poin
's neighbor in a way that is repeatable at the very least. So one way of saying that there will always be war, I mean, that's my hopeful view is that most of the war conducted in the future will be, like you said, the man must go to war with himself. That would be great. That's what to me love is, is like focusing on yourself and your own improvement and your own creativity and towards others feeling, sort of emphasizing cooperative behavior and compassion and empathy. It would be great. But I mean, you can have, well, I'll put it to you this way. If you have a whole community of Randians and a whole community of Ancoms, and they could all like, I don't know, toast of London on Netflix, and they love Netflix and they love the internet and they love picking apart Mon Comp with you. They love like, they like all these things, even the esoteric that they can get on with. But at the fundamental root, they cannot help but go to war because they are literally oil and water. No, but see, but they would, the very labels they assign to themselves wou
The following is a conversation with Matt Walker, sleep scientist, professor of neuroscience and psychology at Berkeley, author of Why We Sleep, and the host of a new podcast called The Matt Walker Podcast. It's 10 minute episodes a couple of times a month, covering sleep and other health and science topics. I love it and recommend it highly. It's up there with the greats, like the Huberman Lab Podcast with Andrew Huberman, and I think David Sinclair is putting out an audio series soon too. I can't wait to listen to it. I'm really excited by the future of science in the podcasting world. To support this podcast, please check out our sponsors, Stamps.com, Squarespace, Athletic Greens, BetterHelp, and Onnit. Their links are in the description. As a side note, let me say that to me, a healthy life is one in which you fall in love with the world around you, with ideas, with people, with small goals and big goals, no matter how difficult, with dreams you hold onto and chase for years. Life should be lived fully. That, to me, is the priority. That, to me, 
people are assholes. And if they would let each other alone, then we would still be living in a state of nature, everybody just doing what they did to get by each day. But it's a whole lot easier if I see like an apple tree a mile away. Well, I can go over and pick an apple. But if you're 10 meters away with an apple in your hand, it's a lot easier if I pick up a rock and crack your head and take the apple. And his point was that the problem is that people can't be counted on to behave. They will take each other's property. Moreover, he argued, if someone takes your property, you have the right to retribution in proportion to the degree of the magnitude of the transgression. English translation, if I take your apple, you have the right to take an apple back. You don't have the right to kill my firstborn. But people being people, they're apt to escalate retaliatory behavior, thus creating what Locke called a state of war. So he said, in order to avoid a state of war, people reluctantly give up their freedom in exchange for security. They agree
n't take any of my money and they can't force me to buy their stuff and so it doesn't matter to me. So if Coca Cola is corrupted, that's a problem for Coca Cola customers, that's a problem for Coca Cola shareholders, that's a problem for anybody who deals with Coca Cola but as somebody who doesn't drink their stuff and isn't a shareholder, I have absolutely no interest in what happens. They could all go bust tomorrow and I don't care. I don't buy their product and I'm not a shareholder. So in this situation where you choose to voluntarily associate with people and you only give your money to people you want to voluntarily give the money to so you either buy their product or invest in their production, in that situation, the only way that a company can get my money is if they build a product that I value or if they convince me that they are going to use it in a way that's profitable and I may be wrong. I may invest in a company that fails or I may invest in a company that turns out to be fraudulent but that's my fault and it's my faul
 majority of people are gonna freak out and lose their mind and support whatever their stupid TV tells them to support. And, you know, there's always a current thing and the media is always telling you that we need this current thing as an excuse for more and more government power and more and more government coercion. What's the role of kings and queens in that case of a monarchy? What's the role of a leader? I think there might be a case that, so as I was saying, you need a majority of the population to get together and decide, nope, whatever is the case, you know, the answer is voluntary. No matter how bad the disease is, it doesn't justify forcing people to stay home. You wanna stay home, stay home. You wanna wear a mask, take a vaccine, do whatever you want, but you can't force others to do that. So you need a majority of the people to strongly believe in this principle in order to get it in a democracy. Whereas in a monarchy, maybe you just need the king to get it. And I think the reason kings are more likely to get it is that king
e result's going to be. Unfortunately, not so much yet. Not so much yet, but your hope is there. In trying to teach robots or systems to do everyday tasks or even in simulation, what do you think you're more excited about? Imitation learning or self play? So letting robots learn from humans or letting robots plan their own to try to figure out in their own way and eventually play, eventually interact with humans or solve whatever the problem is. What's the more exciting to you? What's more promising you think as a research direction? So when we look at self play, what's so beautiful about it is goes back to kind of the challenges in reinforcement learning. So the challenge of reinforcement learning is getting signal. And if you don't never succeed, you don't get any signal. In self play, you're on both sides. So one of you succeeds. And the beauty is also one of you fails. And so you see the contrast. You see the one version of me that did better than the other version. So every time you play yourself, you get signal. And so whenever you can
ch recognition since that requires more computation. So you were thinking through timing when you're developing those things. Yeah. Time come. Yeah. And that's how you've developed that brain power to start to think in a futurist sense when how will the world look like in 2045 and work backwards and how it gets there. But that has to become a thing in itself because looking at what things will be like in the future and the future reflects such dramatic changes in how humans will live that was worth communicating also. So you developed that muscle of predicting the future and then applied broadly and started to discuss how it changes the world of technology, how it changes the world of human life on earth. In Danielle, one of your books, you write about someone who has the courage to question assumptions that limit human imagination to solve problems. And you also give advice on how each of us can have this kind of courage. Well, it's good that you picked that quote because I think that does symbolize what Danielle is about. Courage
 scenario where the metaphor was that Alexander's father, Philip, I think created the First Nation, capital N Nation, and he created a sort of a pathway for these guys who were mountain men and basically barbarians, Macedonians, and by creating this army and this dream of conquering the world, which Alexander took to the, you know, really enacted, he gave them a way of rising out of themselves, of transcending themselves, not just individually, but as a people. So that would go along with what you're saying, Lex, of a certain creativity to it. But again, that's not, for whatever, and I'm just realizing this as I'm answering this, that's not really what's interesting to me about these stories. And the Spartans, what was a whole, at Thermopylae, that was a whole other kind of metaphor of war. That was a sort of a willingly going to one's own death for a greater cause, just like, to me, the Spartans at Thermopylae enacted as a group what Jesus Christ enacted as an individual, a sacrifice of their lives for the greater good. I don't know if that answer
 in my religion. It was such a phenomenal experience to contribute something meaningful to someone else in that form. And as part of this process, we were gonna climb the mountain. And so we went there and we saw the clean water wells we were building. We spoke to the people there and it was very energizing. And then we climbed Kilimanjaro and I came down with a stomach flu on day three. And I also had altitude sickness, but I became so sick that on day four, we are somebody on day five, I came into the camp, base camp at 15,000 feet, just going to the bathroom on myself and falling all over. I was just a disaster, I was so sick. So stomach flu and altitude sickness. Yeah, and I just was destroyed from the situation. Plus, it was psychologically one of the lowest points. Yeah, and I think that was probably a big contributor. I was just smoked as a human, just absolutely done. And I had three young children. And so I was trying to reconcile, this is not a, whether I live or not is not my decision by itself. I'm now intertwined with these three 
 resources. It's a terrible idea. So it only could have happened in a dictatorship controlled by a lunatic. But that's the situation that existed. So they built these rockets, that's the V2. And then it's just a complete coincidence that that war ends with atomic bombs being developed in a completely separate super weapon program. And so suddenly the existence of the bombs creates a demand for rockets that didn't exist before because if you've got atomic bombs, you need a way to deliver them. You can do it with bombers, but it's a lot better to just hurl them to the other side of the world on the top of a rocket. So suddenly rockets, which had gotten a boost because of Hitler's V2 program, got a much bigger boost during the 50s and 60s. And it is a complete, you're right, for some reason I never thought of this, it is an accident of history that nuclear weapons are developed at a similar time. First of all, nuclear weapons didn't have to be developed at the same time as World War II. That's an accident in history. And then the fact, okay, so then H
you acquire money so that you can exchange it for other goods. And that's something that many people have a hard time grasping, of the concept of money as a market good. But it is a market good, just like all others. And the importance of it is that it allows us to trade. It allows us to develop the division of labor, which would not be possible at any kind of sophisticated level without money. So if we live in a small society of 10 people, then think about all the things that we can make, all the things that we can produce. If we're only 10 people isolated from the world, there's only very few things that we can make. And therefore we can exchange those things directly with one another. But as, you know, if we get in contact with other societies that have more people, then the opportunities for specialization increase. You know, if there's 10 people, the only thing that you can make is the very basics you need for your survival. But if you're part of an economy of 10 million people, there's much more room for specialization. You can make a car, 
and there's people like that, right? I'm interested in those big problems as well. And in fact, when I was young, I made a list of the biggest problems I could think of. First, why does anything exist? Second, why do we have the laws of physics that we have? Third, is life inevitable? And why is it here? Fourth, is intelligence inevitable? And why is it here? I stopped there because I figured if you can make a truly intelligent system, that will be the quickest way to answer the first three questions. I'm serious. And so I said, my mission, you asked me earlier, my first mission is to understand the brain, but I felt that is the shortest way to get to true machine intelligence. And I wanna get to true machine intelligence because even if it doesn't occur in my lifetime, other people will benefit from it because I think it'll occur in my lifetime, but 20 years, you never know. But that will be the quickest way for us to, we can make super mathematicians, we can make super space explorers, we can make super physicist brains that do these things and
can happen in the physical world, but what's really difficult is to see how that could be a fundamental force that's consistent with everything else we know. And that's what asymptotic freedom is. It says that there's a very particular kind of fundamental force that involves special particles called gluons with very special properties that enables that kind of behavior. So there were experiment, at the time we did our work, there were experimental indications that quarks and gluons did have this kind of property, but there were no equations that were capable of capturing it. And we found the equations and showed how they work and showed how they, that they were basically unique. And this led to a complete theory of how the strong interaction works, which is the quantum chromodynamics we mentioned earlier. And so that's the phenomenon that quarks and gluons interact very, very weakly when they're close together. That's connected through relativity with the fact that they also interact very, very weakly at high energies. So if you ha
ghts a person can have in a lifetime. That's kind of a fuzzy question, but I'm very proud that I was able to define it pretty precisely. And it turns out we have time for billions of meaningful thoughts in a lifetime. So it's a lot. We shouldn't think of ourselves as terribly small either in space or in time, because although we're small in those dimensions compared to the universe, we're large compared to meaningful units of processing information and being able to conceptualize and understand things. Yeah, but 99% of those thoughts are probably food, sex, or internet related. Well, yeah, well, they're not necessarily, that's right. Only like point one is Nobel Prize winning ideas. That's true, but there's more to life than winning Nobel Prizes. How did you do that calculate? Can you maybe break that apart a little bit, just kind of for fun, sort of an intuition of how we calculate the number of thoughts? The number of thoughts, right. It's necessarily imprecise because a lot of things are going on in different ways and what is a thought. But there
of those trajectories surely involves Bitcoin failing. What would be the reason? I think the most likely reason that it could fail, I don't think this is likely in general, but I think it is the most likely of all the unlikely things that could destroy Bitcoin, is governments go back on a gold standard. Oh, interesting. So they make, in your view, a better decision than the current system, just not the best decision. Yeah. I thought you would go much darker. But, so that's, yeah, okay, interesting. So maybe because of Russia, because of China and so on, because of the current war, they might reconsider the power that America holds because of the monetary, because it being the primary currency, and they'll start thinking about going on a gold standard. Yeah, but it would also require the US and the Europeans and everybody to want to join in this system and sing Kumbaya and play nice with each other around the gold standard. I think, you know, given that gold already is about 10 times larger than Bitcoin, so it has a first mover advantage, if gov
he exact same way, but you can't, until we have Neuralink or something like that, we can't communicate that you remember all those things. I know, that's what I wanted. So you have to be able to use tricks of human communication for that. But so that, I mean, that's the, it's ultimately is a trick of like, which to remember, which to forget. And the forgetting is so, it's so fascinating to say this. I mean, it seems to be deeply connected to that assimilation process. So forgetting, you try to fit all the new stuff into this big web of the old stuff and the things that don't fit, you throw out. I think the assimilation, the way I've been thinking about it with sleep and it's particularly sort of dream sleep that we think can help with this assimilation is that during wake, we have one version of associative processing. And what I mean by that is we see the most obvious connections. So I think of wakefulness as a Google search gone right. Whereas I see dream sleep as doing something very different. I think dream sleep is a little bit like group
was in need, I'd put my ear down and I'd find out and I'd go get it for him. So when they moved me down the hall, they asked me to come down with my IV tower. He needed me. And I knew it was bad because he just, his look was gone. And I said, sir, what do you need? And he whispered, call my sister, I'm going. He had only one survivor in his whole life. And she was in North Carolina and he wanted her to know she couldn't get up, she was elderly. And I got the nurse and I got on the phone and I called his sister and I said, ma'm, I explained who I was. And I said, he can't really talk. He can't really verbalize too well right now, but he wants to say he loves you. And I put the phone down and he told her he loved her and he said, I'm going home. And that was it. And I hung the phone up and I said, ma'm, I'm so sorry. I said, you know, they'll notify you. And I stayed with him for a while holding his hand and then, you know, they wanted him to rest. And then I left and then I got the tap an hour later and they said, I'm sorry, he's gone. And then there was anothe
ation you think is inevitable. I think given how quickly it arose. So in the case of agriculture, I think that was dependent on climate. So it was the kind of glacial period was over the earth warmed up a bit that made it much more likely that humans would develop agriculture when it comes to the Industrial Revolution. It's just you know, again only took a few thousand years from cities to Industrial Revolution if we think okay, we've gone back to this even let's say agricultural era, but there's no reason why we wouldn't go extinct in the coming tens of thousands of years or hundreds of thousands of years. It seems just vet. It would be very surprising if we didn't rebound unless there's some special reason that makes things different. Yes. So perhaps we just have a much greater like disease burden now so HIV exists. It didn't exist before and perhaps that's kind of latent and you know and being suppressed by modern medicine and sanitation and so on but would be a much bigger problem for some, you know, utterly destroyed the societ
e previous election. So there's contingency in history, and so Lenin's illness, his stroke, the neurological and blood problems that he had were not a structure in history. In other words, if Lenin had been a healthier figure, Stalin might never have become the Stalin that we know. That's not to say that all history is accidental, just that we need to relate the structural, the larger structural factors to the contingent factors. Why did Lenin pick Stalin? Well, Stalin was a very effective organizer, and the position was an organizational position. Stalin could get things done. He would carry out assignments no matter how difficult. He wouldn't complain that it was hard work or too much work. He wouldn't go off womanizing and drinking and ignore his responsibilities. Lenin chose Stalin among other options because he thought Stalin was the better option. Once again, he wasn't choosing his successor because he didn't know he was going to have this stroke. Lenin had some serious illnesses, but he had never had a major stroke before. So the ch
 power, not just be named. Now, Putin and Stalin are very different people. These are very different regimes. I wouldn't put them in the same sentence. My point is not that one resembles the other. My point is that when people come to power for contingent reasons, they don't stay in power unless they're able to manage it. And Stalin was able to build a personal dictatorship inside that dictatorship. He was cunning, he was ruthless, and he was a workaholic. He was very diligent. He had a phenomenal memory, and so he could remember people's names and faces and events. And this was very advantageous for him as he built the machine that became the Soviet state and bureaucracy. One of the things, maybe you can correct me if I'm wrong, what you've made me realize is this wasn't some kind of manipulative personality trying to gain more power solely, like kind of an evil picture of a person, but he truly believed in communism. As far as I can understand, again, you can correct me if I'm wrong, but he wanted to build a better world by infusing commun
called reinforcement learning framework. So every time step, you can give it a positive reward or negative reward, or maybe no reward. It could be a very scarce, right? Like if you play chess, just at the end of the game, you give plus one for winning or minus one for losing. So in the RxC framework, that's completely sufficient. So occasionally you give a reward signal and you ask the agent to maximize reward, but not greedily sort of, you know, the next one, next one, because that's very bad in the long run if you're greedy. So, but over the lifetime of the agent. So let's assume the agent lives for M time steps, or say dies in sort of a hundred years sharp. That's just, you know, the simplest model to explain. So it looks at the future reward sum and ask what is my action sequence, or actually more precisely my policy, which leads in expectation, because I don't know the world, to the maximum reward sum. Let me give you an analogy. In chess, for instance, we know how to play optimally in theory. It's just a mini max strategy. I play the move whic
led an epizomal reporter assay. Epizome means not inside the genome. It's sort of outside the chromosomes. So it's an epizomal assay that allows you to have a variable region where you basically test 10,000 different enhancers and you have a common region which basically has the same reporter gene. You now can do some very cool molecular biology. You can basically take the 450,000 elements that you've generated and you have a piece of the puzzle here, piece of the puzzle here, which is identical. So they're compatible with that plasmid. You can chop them up in the middle to separate a barcode reporter from the enhancer and in the middle put the same gene again using the same piece of the puzzle. You now can have a barcode readout of what is the impact of 10,000 different versions of an enhancer on gene expression. So we're not doing one experiment, we're doing 10,000 experiments. And those 10,000 can be 5,000 of different loci and each of them in two versions, risk or non risk. I can now test tens of thousands. Just a little hypothesis. Exactly. And then you can do 10,000 a
ought of it that way. Stop the finger pointing, the bickering, the tantrums, the fighting. It's just not necessary. It gets you nowhere, right? It's like, you know, I was two years old and I'd stomp around because I wanted a cookie or a piece of candy. I still didn't get it, right? You know, turned blue in the face and whatever, got a little swat in the rear end, but it didn't get the candy. And that's what we got going on right now. Everybody's just stomping around, being a baby. Stop, just stop. We're really lucky. Look, the country's not perfect, right? You know, but it's damn good. It gives us all these opportunities, you know? Like I said, no one's rushing out the gates to get out of here. They're freaking, I got a cousin of mine. I love him dearly. My cousin Tony in Ireland. And he said, he's just a little older than me. He's in his fifties. He said, man, I should have done it. I should have went to America. My dad said, go to America. I went to England and he went back to Ireland. And you know, but he's happy in Ireland. It's his home. But he said, wow, what a place o
tion can evolve these parameters, weight values in a neural network, just like any other string of numbers, you can do that. And that's useful because some cases you don't have those targets that you need to backpropagate from. And it might be an agent that's running a maze or a robot playing a game or something. You don't, again, you don't know what the right answers are, you don't have backprop, but this way you can still evolve a neural net. And neural networks are really good at these tasks, because they recognize patterns and they generalize, interpolate between known situations. So you want to have a neural network in such a task, even if you don't have a supervised targets. So that's a reason and that's a solution. And also more recently, now when we have all this deep learning literature, it turns out that we can use evolution to optimize many aspects of those designs. The deep learning architectures have become so complex that there's little hope for us little humans to understand their complexity and what actually makes a good d
g good metrics and statistics on support is difficult in authoritarian governments, or is there still something appealing to that kind of power to the people? I think we have to give credit to President Putin for understanding the psychology of the Russians to whom he appeals. Many of them were the losers in the transition from communism. They were the ones whose pensions were destroyed by inflation or whose salaries didn't go up or whose regions were abandoned. They were not the winners for the most part, and so I think there's an understanding on his part of their psychology. Putin has grown in the position. He was not a public politician when he first started out. He was quite poor in public settings. He didn't have the kind of political instincts that he has now. He didn't have the appeal to traditional values and the Orthodox Church and some of the other dimensions of his rule today. So yes, we have to give some credit to Putin himself for this in addition to the frustrations and the mass of the people. But let's think abo
hem. So I think the, again, the point was simply that I don't mean to sound too puritanical in all of this. And the same way with caffeine and coffee. I am just a scientist and I am not here to tell anyone how to live their life. That is not my job at all. And life is to be lived to a degree and life is to be lived if you want to do a startup. All I want to do is empower people with the understanding of the science of sleep. And then you can make an informed choice as to how you want to live your life. And I offer no judgment on how anyone wishes to live their life. I just want to try and see if the information that I have about sleep would alternatively change how you would think about your life decisions. And if it doesn't, no problem. And if it does, I hope it's been of use. Well, maybe this is me trying to justify my lifestyle to you. But Dr. Seuss said, you know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. I love that quote too. Okay. My sleeping schedule is complicated and it has to
ost liquidity, the most ability to be sold without a loss in its value. So money is our most advanced technology and our best technology for moving value into the future. And so I think history really, I argue this in all my books, is that really history we see, we can think of it as a process of our money gets harder. And so our money gets better at holding onto its value for the future. And by harder, I mean harder to produce. We find things that are hard to produce that are better at holding onto their value. So they hold onto their value better for the future. And that allows us to plot and plan for the future. That makes the future less uncertain. And that makes us more future oriented. In other words, it lowers our time preference. And the harder the money is, the better it is at allowing us to think of the future. So people should know that you've written the book Bitcoin Standard from 2018, I believe. And then a new book called Fiat Standard. The Bitcoin Standard is considered kind of the Bible in the cryptocurrency space, in th
ganize in interesting ways. And some of them, like liquid crystals, are important ingredients of life. Our cell membranes are liquid crystals, and that's very important to the way they work. Recently, there's been a development in where we're talking about states of matter that are not static, but that have dynamics, that have characteristic patterns, not only in space, but in time. These are called time crystals, and that's been a development that's just in the last decade or so. It's just really, really flourishing. And so is there a state of matter or a group of states of matter that corresponds to life? Maybe, but the answer can't be any more definite than the question. I mean, I gotta push back on the, those are just words. I mean, I disagree with you. The question points to a direction. The answer might be able to be more precise than the question, because just as you're saying, there is a, we could be discovering certain characteristics and patterns that are associated with a certain type of matter, macroscopically speaking, and that we ca
economic reality, and they're punished when they don't. So if you ride a banana and jump off a cliff thinking you're gonna get to the moon, that solves the problem of people thinking that bananas are spaceships by killing people who think that bananas are spaceships. And I think, to go back to your question in terms of paper monies, so yes, even though ignoring the original sin of the creation of fiat money, and ignoring everything that happened before 1971, all right, well, here we are, people are using, well, it's not really paper money. We should say fiat money is predominantly credit. So it's also a digital currency. So more than 90% of dollars are digital. Less than 10% of dollars are physical. So it is a digital currency, and all over the world, all these governments are using digital currencies effectively with some physical manifestations in paper. But yet, even within these currencies, it's still the same analysis, and I discussed this in chapter four, the Bitcoin standard. You look at government monies, you see that the currencies that have h
c questions. There's few people in this world that are good, as good as you are at answering very basic, almost ridiculously basic questions because I think exploring questions like what is money is a really great way to think from first principles, to really think deeply about this world. So I really appreciate you doing that. When you say standard, what does it mean? When you say silver standard, gold standard, again with a basic question. The term really I think was based out of gold. The first time this came out was the gold standard because so I said gold was money at the end of the 19th century, but it wasn't just that everybody was using gold coins and trading with gold coins because that's got a problem of divisibility. So a lot of things are worth less than one gold coin. So how do you buy that thing? And the answer was that you created the monetary instruments that were backed by gold and so currencies, national currencies under the gold standard were specific units of gold and that's how a gold standard functioned. Money 
mes more fascinating, more complicated when your task is not driving, but supervising the driving. So your task is to take over when stuff goes wrong. And that is complicated, but the basic conclusions from many decades is that humans are really crappy at supervising because they get drowsy and lose vigilance much, much faster. The really surprising thing with Tesla autopilot, it was surprising to me, surprising to the human factors community, and in fact, they still argue with me about it, is it seems that humans in Teslas with autopilot and other similar systems are not becoming less vigilant, at least with the studies we've done. So there's something about the urgency of driving. I can't, I'm not sure why, but there's something about the risk, I think the fact that you might die is still keeping people awake. The question is, as Tesla autopilot or similar systems get better and better and better, how does that affect increasing drowsiness? And that's when you need to have, that's where the big disagreement was, you need to have driver s
der of the country, which he did not become, he was more of a moral or spiritual leader, it still wouldn't have given you a judiciary. It still wouldn't have given you a civil service. It still wouldn't have given you a Duma or functioning parliament. You need a leader in coalition with other leaders. You need a bunch of leaders, a whole group, and they have to be divided a little bit so that not one of them can destroy all the others. And they have to be interested in creating institutions, not solely or predominantly in their personal power. And so I have no objection to outstanding individuals and to the work that they do. But I think in institutional terms, and they need to think that way too in order to be successful. So if we go back to the echoes of that after the Russian Revolution with Stalin, with Lenin and Stalin, maybe you can correct me, but there was a group of people there in that same kind of way looking to establish institutions that were beautifully built around an ideology that they believed is good for the wor
 bit. And invest into helping people here at home. Absolutely, absolutely. There's very few as obvious of cases as the first responders in 9 11. That one of the things that I really wanna kind of talk about at least a little bit, we've already talked about the amazing project that you're doing the 20 for 20 podcast that you host. We mentioned one story, Steven Siller, is there other stories or maybe you can speak out at a high level, what are you hoping to tell? And all these different stories that are weaved about that connect the tragedies and the triumphs, the heroism of that day and the days and the years that followed. You know, Lex, it seems like the common few themes, the common threads are being selfless, helping out others even though they might be a stranger, in acts of kindness, acts of love, and it seems to all be weaved together with faith. They all seem to have some sort of faith. I mean, we have one gentleman, Mark Hanna, and he's a Coptic Egyptian priest, and he's an immigrant to the United States. He was a port authority building 
e be if I didn't have this. Because I remember my first book, The Age of Intelligent Machines, there was no way to get information from computers. I actually would go to a library, find a book, find the page that had an information I wanted, and I'd go to the copier, and my most significant information tool was a roll of quarters where I could feed the copier. So we're already greatly advanced that we have these things. There's a few problems with it. First of all, I constantly put it down, and I don't remember where I put it. I've actually never lost it. But you have to find it, and then you have to turn it on. So there's a certain amount of steps. It would actually be quite useful if someone would just listen to your conversation and say, oh, that's so and so actress, and tell you what you're talking about. So going from active to passive, where it just permeates your whole life. Yeah, exactly. The way your brain does when you're awake. Your brain is always there. Right. That's something that could actually just about be done today, where we'd list
ink, you know, aperture of eye. So in other words, partial closures, full closures, duration of those closures, duration of those partial closures of the eyelid. I think there may be some information in the pupil as well, because as we're transitioning between those states, there are changes in what's called the automatic nervous system, or technically it's called the autonomic nervous system, part of which will control your pupillary size. So I actually think that there is probably a wealth of information. When you combine that probably with aspects of steering, angle steering maneuver. And if you can sense the pressure on the pedals as well, my guess is that there is some combinatorial feature that creates a phenotype of, you are starting to fall asleep. And as the autonomous controls develop, that it's time for them to kick in. Some manufacturers, auto manufacturers sort of have something beta version, maybe an alpha version of this already starting to come online, where they have a little camera in the wheel that I think tries to lo
st analyzing the monetary aspects of it. It is, on the one hand, whether you think the war is justified or the sanctions are justified is not something I can opine on. But the implication of this is that effectively the US might be shooting itself in the foot because it's telling everybody in the world, your money in our system is not really your money. It's just a token to play in our arcade. And any point in time, if you misbehave, we kick you out of the arcade and we take your tokens. And so, I mean, this is something that China, Russia, Iran and many countries have made a lot of noise about over the past decades. It got real this year, but it's been decades of China, Iran and Russia to some extent saying that, you know, we wanna build an alternative to the US dollar based system. And yet they haven't. And I think there's very good reasons they haven't. And the reason is, what do you do based on? How do you build it? So you can do a credit based system based on, but then who's gonna be the big boss? Is it gonna be China? Is it gonna be Russ
eresting to think about those early fluctuations as our earliest ancestors. Yes, that's right. So it's amazing to think that this is the modern answer to the, or the modern version of what the Hindu philosophers had, that art thou. If you ask what, okay, those little quantum fluctuations in the early universe are the seeds out of which complexity, including plausibly humans, really evolve. You don't need anything else. That brings up the question of asking for a friend here if there's other pockets of complexity, commonly called as alien intelligent civilizations out there. Well, we don't know for sure, but I have a strong suspicion that the answer is yes because the one case we do have at hand to study here on Earth, we sort of know what the conditions were that were helpful to life, the right kind of temperature, the right kind of star that keeps, maintains that temperature for a long time, the liquid environment of water. And once those conditions emerged on Earth, which was roughly four and a half billion years ago, it wasn't very lon
 and have media and everything else the way he does, maybe he would be very popular and maybe his popularity would not be as great as it currently is. So the absence of alternatives is another factor that reinforces his authority and his popularity. Having said that, there are many authoritarian leaders who deny any alternatives to the population and are not very popular. So denial of alternatives doesn't guarantee you the popularity. You still have to figure out the mass psychology and be able to appeal to it. So in the Russian case, the winners from the transition live primarily in the big cities and are self employed or entrepreneurial. Even if they're not self employed, they're able to change careers. They have tremendous skills and talent and education and knowledge as well as these entrepreneurial or dynamic personalities. Putin also appealed to them. He did that with Medvedev and it was a very clever ruse. He himself appealed to the losers from the transition, the small towns, the rural, the people who were not well off a
back to Eric Weinstein again. Yes. He's in general smarter than I am, this I get. But when it comes to contemporary artistic creations, I'm smarter than he is. So he's not a fan of contemporary art? I don't want to speak for him. I've heard him say derogatory... He's evolving always. He's evolving always. I've heard him say derogatory things about some of it. Doesn't mean he doesn't love some other parts of it. So I wonder if there's just a higher learning curve, a steeper learning curve for contemporary art, meaning like it takes more work to appreciate the stories, the context from which they're like thinking about this work. It feels like in order to appreciate the art contemporary, certain pieces of contemporary art, you have to know the story better behind the art. I think that's true for many people, but I think it's a funny shape distribution because there's a whole other set of people. Sometimes they're small children and they get abstract art more easily. You show them Vermeer or Rembrandt, they don't get it. But just like a wall of color, they
t go over again. I mean, it has a different kind of connotation than humans do. Well, perhaps it can do the same thing with humans. It's just that we don't know how to do that yet. It's possible that we figure out all of these things on the machine first. But that doesn't mean the machine isn't conscious. I mean, if you look at the way people react, say, 3CPO or other machines that are conscious in movies, they don't actually present how it's conscious, but we see that they are a machine and people will believe that they are conscious and they'll actually worry about it if they get into trouble and so on. So 2029 is going to be the first year when a major thing happens. Right. And that will shake our civilization to start to consider the role of AI in this world. Yes and no. I mean, this one guy at Google claimed that the machine was conscious. But that's just one person. Right. When it starts to happen to scale. Well, that's exactly right because most people have not taken that position. I don't take that position. I mean, I've used different things l
ve it. Josh, I love you very much. You've been a huge inspiration. I have a friend who she said, do you know Lex Friedman? Have you gone on Lex's content? And I go, yes, I know Lex Friedman is. I've sadly been way too long in contact without making it happen for too long and yes, I will 100%, I even cut a shirt at the beginning of the pandemic to make my own little mask at one point due to the Lex process and hello, I was like, I can't really hear you but I'm demonstrating. Just let's see it through but this has been a blast. And next time, next time let's drink some of the Warbringer whiskey. I will bring some Warmaster. I wasn't sure if you were, if you imbibed at all in spirits. 100%, it felt a little weird to do it early on in the morning, especially because I'm flying out there. Does it though? I mean, I've had some wonderful morning whiskey at times. It, now that you've mentioned it, it doesn't at all. So next time let's make sure what Joe Organ calls the adult beverages, let's make sure we indulge. I have zero reservations for doing such a thing. I'm into i
ly all of them because they've all had many hard forks, which they think of as upgrades. And they market this thing as, well, Bitcoin can't upgrade, but we upgrade all the time. Well, yeah, you know what else upgrades all the time? Facebook, Apple, Amazon, anything that centralizes is very easy to upgrade. And that's precisely why, as Michael Saylor says, these things are somebody's liability. They are security. You're carrying on somebody's technical and economic liability. They can hard fork, they can 10x the supply tomorrow. Yeah, they can fall victim to the same corrupting forces that governments fall victim to. Sure, and for people who don't know, yeah, hard fork is a reverse incompatible change to the underlying function of a cryptocurrency. Of course, there is hard forks of Bitcoin as well. I'm sure all of which you love dearly. Anyway, but that doesn't matter. The original Bitcoin, for the most part, has not undergone any changes. And that's one of the... I mean, it has undergone changes, but none in the important parameters of the network. So another 
eamed, but dreamed of the maze were the only ones who, when they woke up, ended up being better at navigating the maze. Whereas those people who dreamed, but didn't dream about the maze itself, they were no better at navigating the maze. So it's not just that you, it's not sort of necessary, but not sufficient. It's necessary that you dream, but it's not sufficient to produce the benefit. You have to be dreaming about certain things itself. And the same is true for mental health. What we've discovered is that people who are going through a very difficult experience, a trauma, for example, a very painful divorce, those people who are dreaming, but dreaming of that difficult event itself, they go on to gain resolution to their clinical depression one year later. Whereas people who were dreaming just as much, but not dreaming about the trauma itself, did not go on to gain as much clinical resolution to their depression. So it's, I think to me, those are the lines of evidence that tell me dreaming is not epiphenomenal. And it's not just about the 
tle bit about AI. What are some likely interesting trajectories for the proliferation of AI in society over the next couple of decades? Do you think about this kind of stuff? I do not think about it a lot because it's a deep topic and I don't consider myself super well informed about it. And AI seems to be a term that is applied to a lot of different things. So I've messed around just a tiny little bit with neural nets, with what's it called PCA, principal component analysis. So I guess I tend to think in terms of some granular bottom up ideas rather than big picture top down. Oh God. So like very specific algorithms, like how are they going to, what problem are they going to solve in society such that it has like a lot of big ripple effects. I mean, we could talk a particular successful AI systems and success defined in different ways of recent years. So one is language models with GPT3. Most importantly, they're self supervised, meaning they don't require much supervision from humans, which means they can learn by just reading a hug
f the exception rather than the rule when something new happens. What role does technology play in the suppression or in revealing human nature? Well, the standards of living, life expectancy, all that have gotten incredibly better within the last, particularly the last hundred years. I mean, just antibiotics, modern vaccines, electrification, the internet. These are all improvements in most people's standard of living and health and longevity that exceed anything that was seen before in human history. So people are living longer, they're generally healthier, and so on. But again, we still see a lot of the same behavior patterns, some of which are not very attractive. So some of it has to do with the constraints on resources, presumably with technology you have less and less constraints on resources. So we get to maybe emphasize the better angels of our nature. And in so doing, does that not potentially fundamentally alter the sort of the experience that we have of life on earth? You know, until the last 10 or so years, I would have taken
ainful, especially when you, well, yes, painful and helpful, but there's disagreement and so on. And through that comes out a better product. And if you want to still have an ego, but you also want to silence it every once in a while, so there's a balance. In your book, The War of Art, you talk about resistance, what the capital R, as the invisible force in this universe of ours that finds a way to prevent you from starting or doing the work. Where do you think resistance comes from? Why is there a force in our mind that's constantly trying to jeopardize our efforts with laziness, excuses, and so on? That's another great question. I mean, in Jewish mysticism, in Kabbalistic thinking, it's called the yetzer hurrah, right? And it's a force that if this up here is your soul of Neshama trying to talk to you, us down here, the yetzer hurrah is this negative force in the middle. So I'm not the only one that ever thought about this. But, and I don't know if anybody really knows the answer, but here's my answer. I think that there are two places where we as
ong. And someone who looks at me, when I first got to Skidmore, other professors would ask when I'd be coming to their office to empty the garbage. They just assumed, as in my twenties, they assumed I was housekeeping. I always felt that was important that the students learn not to judge an idea by the appearance of the person who pervades it. I guess this is such a high concern now because I personally still have faith that academia is where the great geniuses will come from and great ideas. I love hearing you say that. I still, and it's one of the reasons why I'm really apprehensive about the future of education right now in the context of the pandemic is that a lot of folks, a lot of these are Google type people who I don't, they're geniuses also, but I don't like this idea that all learning can be virtual and that much could happen. I'm big on embodied environments with actual humans interacting. I mean, there's so much to the university education, but I think the key part is the mentorship that occurs somehow at the human level. L
's going to end at some point. And we're going to be back at square one or well, not square one. We're going to be back at the same dilemma of who's going to have the global monetary system. And so one alternative is that what the Chinese and the Russians could do is they could base it on a commodity. So a lot of people are now saying, well, they're going to base it on copper and corn and agricultural commodities. And that's the analysis of saleability that we discuss in the Bitcoin standard and the fiat standard. I don't think that's workable. If you end up basing the monetary system on copper, as we said earlier, it doesn't matter how many governments say that we're going to make a new monetary system based on copper grains and nickel and iron and so on. It doesn't matter. You're going to have to stockpile those things in order to make a market in them. And then if you stockpile those things, you're just raising their value, inviting the producers to make more, flood the market. I hope they don't try this because it's going to be a devastat
ant for your situation. And maybe if fear of death plays the same kind of role, but if it consumes you and it's something that you think in normal life when you don't have to, then it's not healthy and then it's not productive. Yeah, but it's fascinating to think how to incorporate emotion into a computational agent. It almost seems like a silly statement to make, but it perhaps seems silly because we have such a poor understanding of the mechanism of emotion, of fear, of, I think at the core of it is another word that we know nothing about, but say a lot, which is consciousness. Do you ever in your work, or like maybe on a coffee break, think about what the heck is this thing consciousness and is it at all useful in our thinking about AI systems? Yes, it is an important question. You can build representations and functions, I think into these agents that act like emotions and consciousness perhaps. So I mentioned emotions being something that allow you to focus and pay attention, filter out what's important. Yeah, you can have that kind
out why there's some negative externality from that or why there's some coordination failure, or if there's something that consumers are just really misled about where they don't realize why giving away data like this is a really bad thing to do, then ultimately I kind of want to, you know, respect people's preferences. They can give away their data if they want. I think there's a big difference between companies use of data and governments having data where, you know, looking at the track record of history, governments knowing a lot about their people can be very bad if the government chooses to do bad things with it. And that's more worrying, I think. So let's jump into it a little bit. Most people know, but actually I, two years ago, had no idea what effective altruism was until I saw there was a cool looking event in an MIT group here. I think it's called the Effective Altruism Club or a group. I was like, what the heck is that? And one of my friends said, I mean, he said that they're just a bunch of eccentric characters. So I was like, h
and they chop up these viruses. And remember as a trophy inside their genome, they have these loci, these CRISPR loci that basically stands for clustered repeats, interspersed, et cetera. So basically it's an interspersed repeats structure where basically you have a set of repetitive regions and then interspersed where these variable segments that were basically matching viruses. So when this was first discovered, it was basically hypothesized that this is probably a bacterial immune system that remembers the trophies of the viruses that managed to kill. And then the bacteria pass on, you know, they sort of do lateral transfer of DNA and they pass on these memories so that the next bacterium says, Ooh, you killed that guy. When that guy shows up again, I will recognize him. And the CRISPR system was basically evolved as a bacterial adaptive immune response to sense foreigners that should not belong and to just go and cut their genome. So it's an RNA guided RNA cutting enzyme or an RNA guided DNA cutting enzyme. So there's differe
tars then perhaps it's trillions of years beyond that. So the future could be very big indeed and it seems like we're potentially very early on in civilization. Then the second idea is just well, maybe there are things that are going to really derail that things that actually could prevent us from having this long wonderful civilization and instead could cause our own cause our own extinction or otherwise perhaps like lock ourselves into a very bad state. And what ways could that happen? Well causing our own extinction development of nuclear weapons in the 20th century at least put on the table that we now had weapons that were powerful enough that you could very significantly destroy society perhaps and all that nuclear war would cause a nuclear winter. Perhaps that would be enough for the human race to go extinct. Why do you think we haven't done it? Sorry to interrupt. Why do you think we haven't done it yet? Is it surprising to you that having, you know, always for the past few decades several thousand of active ready to l
 hook up the brain with different kinds of sensors, for instance, and something that we don't even quite understand or have today on different kinds of wavelengths or whatever they are. And then the brain can learn to make sense of it. And that I think is this good hope that these prosthetic devices, for instance, work, not because we make them so good and so easy to use, but the brain adapts to them and can learn to take advantage of them. And so in that sense, if there's a trouble, a problem, I think the brain can be used to correct it. Now going beyond what we have today, can you get smarter? That's really much harder to do. Giving the brain more input probably might overwhelm it. It would have to learn to filter it and focus and in order to use the information effectively and augmenting intelligence with some kind of external devices like that might be difficult, I think. But replacing what's lost, I think is quite possible. Right, so our intuition allows us to sort of imagine that we can replace what's been lost, but expansion beyo
labor and it allows for the market system to grow. And the second thing is that money is a mechanism for storing value into the future. So again, as humans, we develop the capacity to think for the future. We make a spear so that we can hunt, and then we see that it works. And then we take it out of the animal that we hunted it with, and we keep it for the next day's hunt. And then we start making a better spear, and we make a better fishing rod, and then we make a fishing net, and then we make a fishing boat. And that's our ability to think of the future. And as we start building durable goods, we start thinking more and more of the future. We start becoming more and more future oriented. And that's really the process of civilization, the process of denying our needs now in order to think for the future. So instead of spending all of our day on the beach, enjoying ourselves, we take time off from leisure on the beach and spend some time making a spear or making a fishing rod so that our productivity in hunting or fishing tomorrow i
I wish it could be like you. And I said, you know what? That doesn't mean that what I'm doing is better. It's just what is necessary for me. It's the way I am. And I told him, so this anecdote goes into another anecdote. This is a Family Guy episode, I guess. So, where some, another famous high level guy told me about this experience with a world champion boxer in Japan. And this guy would get insanely nervous and worked up and anxious before his matches. And he hated it and hated it and hated it. And so he wanted to get rid of that feeling. So he went to a hypnotist for a bunch of sessions and managed to, and he goes in and next fight, he's cool as a cucumber and doesn't perform and loses. And so what I said, going back to anecdote one, was, you know, whatever is necessary for you to get yourself in the best state of being right now to compete, whatever that may be, it could be absolute stress and fear, it could be anger, it could be calmness, it could be whatever. But there is a, but there is a state at which you need to be in to do your best
nk he was much of a fighter. But in any case, I mean, not the anarchists or they're more hot for like Max Stirner. People like to think that Nietzsche borrowed a lot from Stirner and my argument is one, you don't have any real evidence for that and two, bullshit, you know? I mean, anybody could, the fact that they have some overlapping thoughts doesn't make it lifted. Not to mention, go read a lot more philosophy and see how there's so many different things. Oh, this guy said it in 1722. Well, and then this guy says it again in 1922. Does that mean he read the other guy's stuff? Not necessarily. I mean, he's working from the same type of human physiological construct as anybody else. Like, of course it's possible that this guy could think the same thing. We think a lot of the same things, to be perfectly honest. I mean, reading the Hagakure, going back to philosophy books, this was really impactful on me as a younger adult because here's a book written in the 19th century about someone who lived through the 19th and 18th century at times as a samurai, now a m
ual. What you're talking about there is spans well beyond that. So there's no genetic, I'm not transferring any genetic traits to my children that are gonna help them survive better on Mars. Totally different mechanism, that's right. So let's get into the new, as you've mentioned, this idea of the, I don't know if you have a nice name, thousand. We call it the thousand brain theory of intelligence. I like it. Can you talk about this idea of a spatial view of concepts and so on? Yeah, so can I just describe sort of the, there's an underlying core discovery, which then everything comes from that. That's a very simple, this is really what happened. We were deep into problems about understanding how we build models of stuff in the world and how we make predictions about things. And I was holding a coffee cup just like this in my hand. And my finger was touching the side, my index finger. And then I moved it to the top and I was gonna feel the rim at the top of the cup. And I asked myself a very simple question. I said, well, first of all, I say, I kno
m through the machine learning. We have just under a hundred people. I think it's something like 36, 37 PhDs in these specialties, in these areas that there's only a few people in the world who have these abilities. And that's what it takes to build next generation, to make an attempt at breaking into brain interfaces. And so we'll see over the next couple of years, whether it's the right time or whether we were both too early or whether something else comes along in seven to 10 years, which is the right thing that brings it mainstream. So you see Elon as a kind of competitor or a fellow traveler along the path of uncertainty or both? It's a fellow traveler. It's like at the beginning of the internet is how many companies are going to be invited to this new ecosystem? Like an endless number. Because if you think that the hardware just starts the process. And so, okay, back to your initial example, if you take the Fitbit, for example, you say, okay, now I can get measurements on the body. And what do we think the ultimate value of this device is
mely important as well, is the fact that it operates without the need to trust in anybody. It doesn't have a party that is in charge of it. It doesn't have a central authority that can, you know, as I said, it's peer to peer. So it only has users. It doesn't have any admins. There's no authority in charge of Bitcoin that can take your Bitcoin, that can stop you from using Bitcoin, that can change the rules of Bitcoin. They can't make more of it. So it's fixed. It's available for anybody in the world. It's the hardest money ever invented. And it is absolutely, I think, an enormously, enormously significant invention because if you read the fiat standard and the Bitcoin standard as well, you'll see my perspective for why I think a very large number of problems in the world are caused by easy money, are caused by inflation, and caused by government having access to essentially an infinite recourse to people's wealth. And I think Bitcoin fixes this because it allows us to have money that has the salability of gold across time, meaning it holds its
 while my abs are looking all right, I, in the ring, didn't have the power that I expected to. And I was struggling in ways, in some of the grappling with the submission stuff that I hadn't accounted for. Just exhaustion or mental exhaustion? No, I mean, just physical, I wasn't back up to 100% in terms of just power output. And Semi was, well, he's always seven foot tall. But this time he was, the first time I fought him, he was 260, or 257, or 260 something, something like that. This time he was like 290. And so he was a significantly bigger cat. And he's a big dude. And I just remember being up against the ropes with him, changing levels, trying to take him down. And he's fighting, and he's hippin'. And I just thought in my head, there's no fuckin way I'm gonna lose this fight. There's no way, you are not going to beat me. It's not gonna happen. And I armbarred him, the other arm. Even out of the fact he's like, man, I really wanted to get you for that, I wanted to get that match back. And then you fuckin got my other arm, dick. And I'm like, eh, dude, I still love you though. You
tty simple, but it's interesting to watch people's emotional reactions to different robots. So there was one that was in the last year's season, the 2020 season called Rusty that was just like put together out of spare parts and it looked kind of cute and it became this huge crowd favorite because you could see it was made of like salad bowls and random pieces of hardware that this guy had like scavenged from his farm. And so immediately people kind of fell in love with this one particular robot. Whereas other robots might be like the bad guy, if you think of professional wrestling, the heel and the baby face. So people do, for reasons that are hard to understand, form these emotional reactions. And we form narratives in the same way we do when we meet human beings, we tell stories about these objects and they can be intelligent and they can be biological or they can be almost close to inanimate objects. That to me is kind of fascinating. And if robots choose to lean into that, it creates an interesting world. If they start using f
th humility. This is really the key difference that the Keynesians think they just wanna copy the methods of physics. And then that's just gonna give them the certainty of the results of physics, which is like me saying, I'm just gonna put a red blanket on my back and jump from the fourth floor because I'm Superman. Well, it's not the red blanket that's gonna make me Superman. There's a lot more to it. So humility manifests itself in economics as the belief in a free market. Meaning like, I can't centralize, I can't do centralized control on this thing. We're going to minimize the friction of the free exchange of goods. So Austrian economics puts priority in the market. Yes, and you could arrive at it through two paths. The more practical path, which most scientific minded people arrive at. I came from an engineering background. So I initially had this idea that what is lacking in economics is mathematicization. We need to have better math models. We need to get all of those tools from engineering, apply them to economics, and then we'll be 
n with Tyler Cowen and thank you to Linode, ExpressVPN, SimpliSafe and Public Goods. Check them out in the description to support this podcast. And now let me leave you with some words from Adam Smith. Little else is requisite to carry a state to the highest degree of opulence from the lowest barbarism but peace, easy taxes and a tolerable administration of justice. Thank you for listening and hope to see you next time. and just, Ayn Rand comes up as a person, as a philosopher throughout many conversations. A lot of people really despise her. A lot of people really love her. It's always weird to me when somebody arouses a philosophy or a human being arouses that much emotion in either direction, does she make, do you understand, first of all, that level of emotion and what are your thoughts about Ayn Rand and her philosophy of objectivism? Is it useful at all to think about this kind of formulation of a rational self interest, if I could put it in those words, or I guess more negatively the selfishness or she would put, I guess, th
ou find that you're able to have a clear mind, a focus, and just physically and mentally throughout? Yeah, and I find like my personal experience in thinking about hard things is, like oftentimes I feel like I'm looking through a telescope and like I'm aligning two or three telescopes. And you kind of have to close one eye and move it back and forth a little bit and just find just the right alignment. Then you find just a sneak peek at the thing you're trying to find, but it's fleeting. If you move just one little bit, it's gone. And oftentimes what I feel like are the ideas I value the most are like that. They're so fragile and fleeting and slippery and elusive. And it requires a sensitivity to thinking and a sensitivity to maneuver through these things. If I concede to a world where I'm on my phone texting, I'm also on social media. I'm also doing 15 things at the same time because I'm running a company and I'm also feeling terrible from the last night. It all just comes crashing down. And the quality of my thoughts goes to a zero. I'm a fu
erent activation functions. You learn how to train the neural networks. One thing I'm very proud of in that specialization is we go through a lot of practical knowhow of how to actually make these things work. So what are the differences between different optimization algorithms? What do you do if the algorithm overfits or how do you tell if the algorithm is overfitting? When do you collect more data? When should you not bother to collect more data? I find that even today, unfortunately, there are engineers that will spend six months trying to pursue a particular direction such as collect more data because we heard more data is valuable but sometimes you could run some tests and could have figured out six months earlier that for this particular problem, collecting more data isn't going to cut it. So just don't spend six months collecting more data. Spend your time modifying the architecture or trying something else. So go through a lot of the practical knowhow so that when someone, when you take the deep learning specializati
nics and relativity and it's, so a proper description and equations, so a proper description really is probably more than we have time for and require quite a bit of patience on your part, but. How does relativity come into play? Wait, wait a minute. Relativity is important because when we talk about trying to think about short distances, we have to think about very large momenta and very large momenta are connected to very large energy in relativity. And so the connection between how things behave at short distances and how things behave at high energy really is connected through relativity in sort of a slightly backhanded way. Quantum mechanics indicates that short, to get to analyze short distances, you need to bring in probes that carry a lot of momentum. This again is related to uncertainty because it's the fact that you have to bring in a lot of momentum that interferes with the possibility of determining position and momentum at the same time. If you want to determine position, you have to use instruments that bring in
y. And I was just so sad to see the amount of suffering and disease and sickness that was caused by insufficient sleep. And for years before I'd been doing public speaking, and I'd tell people about the great things that happen when you get sleep. People would say, that's fascinating. And then they would go back and keep doing the same thing about not sleeping enough. And then I realized you can't really speak about the good things that happen. It's like the news, what bleeds leads. And if you speak about the alarmingly bad things that happen, people tend to have a behavioral change. And so the book as a consequence, I think probably came out a little bit on the strong side of trying to convince people. Well, you were trying to help a lot of people and that's a powerful way to help a lot of people. I was genuinely trying to help people, but certainly for some people for whom sleep does not come easy, then it was probably a tricky book to read too. And I think I feel more sensitive to those people now and empathetically connected to t
 sprinted as fast as they could. And they dove under a fire truck. And the guys that were sprinting behind him 40 feet away were underneath a pile that was 10 stories deep. They were killed. And just further into that pile was his rookie son, Dennis's rookie son, who was working in Ladder 105, which was my first command under the department. I worked for it, proudly served for three years. And just aside them was my childhood best friend, John Chard, and his crew from 201. And they were all killed. And a strange irony to that is that Dennis's son, Dennis Jr., when they needed an extra guy. And someone came banging on the firehouse door and in the tenement apartment next door, they said there was an older woman that was unconscious. So we dispatched ourselves and we ran over with a medical kit and it was an elderly woman laying there on the bed. And she was obviously not breathing. She was obviously in cardiac arrest and an older gentleman that was holding her hand, just inconsolably crying. And it turned out it was her husband and they were mar
but they're such that they are still grounded in reality to a degree where anything you learn in dreams might be useful in reality. This is a very difficult thing to do because it requires a lot of intelligence, it requires consciousness. This has been effectively recently being used in a self supervised learning for computer vision with the process of what's called data augmentation. That's a very crude version of dreams, which is you take data and you mess with it and you start to learn how a picture of a cat truly represents a cat by messing with it in different ways. Now the crude methods currently are cropping, rotating, distorting, all that kind of stuff. But you can imagine much more complicated generative processes that start hallucinating different cats in order for you to understand deeply of what it means for something to look like a cat. What is the prototype of a archetype of a cat? Yeah, the archetype. I mean, that's a very difficult process for computer vision to go from what are the pixels that are usually assoc
of that dance of humanity with the algorithms as it finds this kind of local pocket of optimality, or suboptimality, whatever, it gets stuck in it. It's a pocket of some sort. But I see that pocket as way better than what we had before in the 80s, right, or the 90s before the internet. But like, and now we're now, this is also human nature, we start writing very eloquent articles about how this pocket is clearly a pocket, it's not very good, and we can imagine much better lands far beyond, but the reality is it's better than before, and now we're waiting for a new book. Yeah. And you have to wait either for lone geniuses or for some kind of momentum of a group of geniuses that just say, enough is enough, I have an idea, this is how we get out. And it's too easy to be sort of, I think, partially because you can get a lot of clicks in your articles being cynical about being in this pocket, and we are forever stuck in this pocket, and then coming up with this grandiose theory that humanity has finally, like it's collapsing, stuck forever like a pris
t was my first thought. Can we pause there for a second? So 6.30 a.m. you wake up, you leave, and then the plane hits at 8.45 a.m. It's just interesting how you phrase it. So how did you hear that a plane hit something? I'm a big news radio guy, news guy, bit of a buff. I've been that way since I was a kid and I had the news radio on the local New York radio station. And as I was driving the truck, I heard, you know, an emergency report. This just in, aircraft has just struck the World Trade Center. And where Quinlan's is located, it's on the north rim of Staten Island, which is right on New York Harbor. And you could see Statue of Liberty, you know, a mile or two away in your distance. And then past that is the towers. So I just literally stopped the truck and looked out and I saw the smoke. So there was smoke? Oh, it was dark, black smoke. It was just, yeah, I mean, it was burning fully at that point. Did you have fear of what the hell happened? Or is it? I was initially scared for anybody involved. I realized, I said, there's gonna be lots of fatalities, obviou
ars ago. Like it reflects the same thing because you can research any weird opening on the internet, but like, does that matter? Probably not. So a lot of the things we see are just like the weird chess openings. And to figure out which are like the weird chess openings and which are fundamental to the new and growing weirdness, like that's what a hedge fund investor type should be trying to do. I just think no one knows yet. It's like this itself, this fun weird guessing game, which we're partly engaging in right now. Exactly. And I mean, as Eric talks about on the science side of things, I mean, I said like at MIT, especially in the machine learning field, there's a natural institutional resistance to the weird. It's very, as they talk about, it's difficult to hire weird faculty, for example. Correct. You want to hire and give tenure to people that are safe and not weird. And that's one of the concerns is like, it seems like the weird people are the ones that push the science forward usually. Right. And so like, how do you balance the two? It's
forcement learning. I think its biggest impact to me has been in the toy domain, in the game domain, in the small example. That's what I mean for educational purpose. It seems to be a fun thing to explore in your networks with. But I think from your perspective, and I think that might be the best perspective is if you're trying to educate with a simple example in order to illustrate how this can actually be grown to scale and have a real world impact, then perhaps focusing on the fundamentals of supervised learning in the context of a simple data set, even like an MNIST data set is the right way, is the right path to take. The amount of fun I've seen people have with reinforcement learning has been great, but not in the applied impact in the real world setting. So it's a trade off, how much impact you want to have versus how much fun you want to have. Yeah, that's really cool. And I feel like the world actually needs all sorts. Even within machine learning, I feel like deep learning is so exciting, but the AI team shouldn't just use d
person or like a pet? I don't know what it would exactly be, but more and more have those features and acquire them automatically. As long as you can formalize an objective of what it means to like something, what, how you exhibit, what's the ground truth? How do you get the reward from human? Because you have to somehow collect that information within you, human. But you're saying if you can formulate as an objective, it can be learned. There's no reason it couldn't emerge through learning, and maybe one way to formulate as an objective, you wouldn't have to necessarily score it explicitly, so standard rewards are numbers, and numbers are hard to come by. This is a 1.5 or a 1.7 on some scale. It's very hard to do for a person, but much easier is for a person to say, okay, what you did the last five minutes was much nicer than what you did the previous five minutes, and that now gives a comparison. And in fact, there have been some results on that. For example, Paul Christiano and collaborators at OpenAI had the Hopper, Mojoko Hopper, a one legged r
 something going bad. And everyone who does it has that certain amount of fear. But at that point, it was such a feeling of disbelief that fear wasn't even kicking in. It was just like, what the hell just happened? And I honestly think it was almost like a shock. And it just stayed that whole day. So the building is, before it collapses, is burning. It's just burning. I mean, upper floors, up in the 78th, up to the 80s. And then the way that the cut was from the plane, it wasn't just straight across. It was from the 78th, then on up to maybe the 86th. And then the jet fuel had come down and was burning down. And there was people on the ground who were doused with jet fuel that was already burning. And they were lit on fire on the ground. It was just insane how vast the destruction path was. As a firefighter, what are you supposed to do with that scale of fire? I think the first bosses in, the first chiefs, were just going to do their best to get, as we get hose lines, what our whole theory is, or our tactics is, to get water at the fire, at the base of
ly to dive into this chaos of ideas. And from that chaos, discover long lasting universal wisdom to live by. This is the Lex Friedman podcast. To support it, please check out our sponsors in the description. And now, dear friends, here's Safety Amoose. Let's start with a big question. What is money? And what is the role of money in the history of human civilization? Money is a medium of exchange. The thing that defines money is that it is a good that you don't buy for its own sake because you wanna consume it itself or because you want to employ it in the production of other goods, which is what capital goods are. So we have consumption goods, we have capital goods. Money is distinct from those two because it is a good that is acquired purely to be exchanged later on for other goods. So it's not something that you acquire for its own sake, you acquire it so that you can then later on exchange it. And that's a market good. That's a market good like all other goods. You acquire food because you eat it, you acquire a car to move you around, 
. That's also my criticism of like, there's been a recent conversation with Bill Gates that he won a platform and had a regular interview on the platform without allowing the possibility of the magic of the chaos. So I'm not exactly sure, it's probably not the right platform for you and for many other people who are exceptionally productive in other places, but there's still nevertheless a magic to the chaos that can be created with live conversation that gives me pause. Maybe what it's perfect for is the tribute. So they had an episode recently that I didn't hear, but I heard it was wonderful. It was anecdotes about Steve Jobs. That you can't do one to one, right? And you don't want control. You want different people appearing and stepping up and saying their bit. And Clubhouse is 110% perfect for that. The tribute. I love that, the tribute. But there's also the possibility, I think there was a time when somebody arranged a conversation with Steve Jobs and Bill Gates on stage. I remember that happened a long time ago. And it was very formal. I
gotta have a great editor behind them. But you yourself edit as well. I'm constantly trying to learn from him and teach myself. Everything you see in my blog posts that it's about the craft of writing is me trying to teach myself the rules so that, I'm sure it's the same in martial arts or anything else, right? You try to not be dependent on that other person because it's so painful to make those mistakes. You really feel like, ah, I wish I could get it right the first time the next time I do it. Well, in research, we go through that. In research more than writing, so what you do is a little more solitary. In research, there's usually two, three, four people working on something together and we write a paper. And there's that painful process of where you write it down and then you share it with other. And not only do they criticize the writing, they criticize the fundamental aspects of the approach you've taken. I would think so. So it's exactly like they would say you're attacking, you're asking the wrong questions, right? And that's extremely p
he album? Thunder Road, Jungle Land, Tenth Avenue, Freeze Out. She's the one, unbelievable. Yeah, Bruce is amazing. Leading across the river. I really like when he goes into love personally. Like I'm on fire. That's a very good song, Dancing in the Dark. A lot of the later work, I find the percussion becomes too simple and kind of too white somehow. And a little clunky. And it's still good work. He's super talented, but it doesn't speak to me. But when it all bursts open into the open road, like it does on Born to Run, that's magic. Yeah. Or Rosalita. Have you ever seen him live? Yes, twice. I wonder what he's like live when he was young, right? Those years. I saw him live when he was young. I was young. New Jersey. I was a little disappointed actually. I think what I like best from him is quite studio. He certainly played well. I don't fault his performance. But it's like when I saw Plant and Page of Led Zeppelin. Tremendous creators. And they showed up. They were not drunk. Like they were paying attention. But I was underwhelmed. Because Led Zeppelin, like the 
ly of fiat and about $10 trillion of gold. And Bitcoin is less than $1 trillion. So one rich guy decides to get into Bitcoin, that's gonna show up on the Bitcoin chart. You look at it, Elon Musk decides to buy Bitcoin, you see the buy, you see the news, it happens and you see the pump. Elon Musk decides that he doesn't like Bitcoin, you see the drop. But a few years ago, it used to be that one random millionaire would cause that pump. Now you have to be the richest guy in the world to do that. In a few years, you're gonna have to be the richest country in the world to be able to do that to the Bitcoin price, maybe many years, maybe not a few years. But as Bitcoin grows, think about it as a liquid pool of money. Currently it's a small pool next to a much larger ocean, which is the entire money market. And so one person jumps from that to this small pool, they can make a big splash. As the pool grows, essentially the salability increases and the likelihood of one individual purchase affecting the price so violently decreases. And so over time, as
d it down the bridge, and there was a lot of traffic. There was a lot of people fleeing, coming over the bridge in waves, so it affected the inbound. What was the mood like among the crew? It was somber, because just prior to getting on the bus, the first tower went down. So we figured that I heard 114, my lieutenant, Dennis Oberg, heard him on the radio. And he said, 114, Manhattan, we're on your frequency. What do you need us? And they said, Tally Ho, which is our nickname. Tally Ho, respond to the Vessian West to the command post and receive your orders. And I heard Dennis say, Tally Ho, 10 4. And Dennis, a little while after that, they were proceeding to go into, I believe it was, I get this mixed up, and I'm sorry. I should know this by the back of my hand, but sometimes it's just such a haze. But the second tower hit was the first one to go down. And they were heading over to go in it. And all of a sudden, he looked up, and he saw what he thought to be disintegration. And he turned the guys around. He said, run. Just run. Don't look back. Don't look up. Go. They
ired, for the many, of the billion, most of your ideas were pretty useless of the several billions, as it is for all humans, but you had quite a few truly special ideas and thank you for bringing those to the world and thank you for wasting your valuable time with me today, it's truly an honor. It's been a joy and I hope people enjoy it and I think the kind of mind expansion that I've enjoyed by interacting with physical reality at this deep level, I think can be conveyed to and enjoyed by many, many people and that's one of my missions in life, to share it. Beautiful. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Frank Wilczek and thank you to The Information, NatSuite, ExpressVPN, Blinkist and 8sleep. Check them out in the description to support this podcast and now let me leave you with some words from Albert Einstein, nothing happens until something moves. Thanks for listening and hope to see you next time. It is space. It is, yeah. As we understand it, it's the fact, it's the fact or the hypothesis, but well supported up to a point th
the same way that DNA unified biology, genetics is unifying disease studies. So you used to have, I don't know, cardiovascular disease department and neurological disease department and neurodegeneration department and basically immune and cancer and so on and so forth. And all of these were studied in different labs because it made sense, because basically the first step was understanding how the tissue functions and we kind of knew the tissues involved in cardiovascular disease and so on and so forth. But what's happening with human genetics is that all of these walls and edifices that we had built are crumbling. And the reason for that is that genetics is in many ways revealing unexpected connections. So suddenly we now have to bring the immunologists to work on Alzheimer's. They were never in the room. They were in another building altogether. The same way for schizophrenia, we now have to sort of worry about all these interconnected aspects. For metabolic disorders, we're finding contributions from brain. So suddenly we hav
 fear. Let's think about the whole thing in terms of stories. In a story, the villain is always resistance, is always the ego. The hero is always, of course, always is not everything, but you know what I mean? Pretty much represents kind of the self. If you think about the alien on the spaceship, that's like the ultimate kind of villain. It keeps changing form, right? First it goes on the guy's face, then it pops out of his chest, but it always just has that one monomaniacal thing to destroy, you know? And just like the ego, just like resistance. And maybe alien is a bad example because Sigourney Weaver has to sort of fight on the same terms as the alien, but maybe a better example might be something like Casablanca, where in the end, the Humphrey Bogart character has to, acting, operating out of the self, has to give up his selfish dream of going off with Ingrid Bergman, Neil Salon, the love of his life, and instead, you know, puts her on the plane to Lisbon while he goes off to fight the Nazis in the desert. I don't know if that's clear, but in
 their financial projections, but I assume they had good reasons for making that strategic decision. It just means that it's no longer necessarily targeted at just end users who want to play a game or be entertained. That to me from a dreamer, futurist perspective is heartbreaking because I don't know necessarily from in the VR space, but I see this kind of thing with robotics where to me the future of robotics is consumer facing and a lot of great roboticists, Boston Dynamics and companies like that are focused on sort of industrial applications for financial business reasons. Yeah. Now I can see the parallels for sure. We'll see. It was a fun project. We worked on an app, for example, called Baby Goats, which just populated your room with baby goats. That seemed like a killer app right there. No, we thought highly of the idea for sure. But because of the SLAM, the system knew, for example, here's a table, here's a little end table. We know the heights. We know how high our animated baby goat can jump. So our engineers had to build a sys
se instrument it's ever been built, LIGO. I wonder what like listening to Led Zeppelin sounds on this thing, because it's so isolated. I mean, this is like, I don't know. No background. No, no back. It's wow. Wow. Wow. So when you were first conceiving this, I would probably, if I was knowledgeable enough, kind of laugh off the possibility that this is even possible. I'm sure, like how many people believe that this is possible? Did you believe this is possible? I did. I didn't know that we needed, for sure that we needed active. When we started, we did dispassive, but we were doing the tests to develop the active to add as a second stage, which we ended up needing. But there was a lot of, you know, now there was a lot of skepticism. A lot of us, especially astronomers, felt that money was being wasted, because we were also expensive. Doing what I told you is not cheap. So it was kind of controversial. It was funded by the National Science Foundation. Can you just linger on this just for a little longer? The actuator thing, the act of canceling. Do you re
ey move on. But I mean, I'm still waiting for a dap to actually emerge. Like, you know, it's, the promise that we keep hearing is something completely world changing, world transforming. And the reality is not one app. Like there's one of my good friends, Jimmy Song, eventually they refused to go ahead with the bet. He wanted to bet with one of the Ethereum people about these daps. You know, the Ethereum people are constantly saying those daps are going to grow and they're going to have so many applications and they're going to have so many ideas. And the reality is all the apps that work are centralized apps, you know? So there is no Uber on the blockchain. There is no Twitter on the blockchain. There is no social media on the blockchain because these are businesses and businesses require a centralized authority to make decisions. You can't have it be decentralized. Listen, you're frustrated, and I could see it over a few years of just having dealt with a humongous influx of charlatans. I wouldn't say frustrated, I'm amused. And it's no, it's wa
 elements are already there and scaling it up will just give you more power. So again, evolution gives you that starting point and then there's a mechanism that gives you the final result and a very powerful approach. But you could also simulate the actual growth process. And like I said before, evolving a starting point and then evolving or training the network, there's not that much work that's been done on that yet. We need some kind of a simulation environment so the interactions at will, the supervised environment doesn't really, it's not as easily usable here. Sorry, the interaction between neural networks? Yeah, the neural networks that you're creating, interacting with the world and learning from these sequences of interactions, perhaps communication with others. That's awesome. We would like to get there, but just the task of simulating something is at that level is very hard. It's very difficult. I love the idea. I mean, one of the powerful things about evolution on Earth is the predators and prey emerged. And like there's just li
d works. The level of aggregate spending in the economy is not a lever with which you can control inflation and unemployment. So what would a scientist do? What would a non Huckster do in this case? Admit the theory is wrong and find another way to reformulate it. Have the Keynesians done that? No, still the same garbage in the textbook that is being taught until today. So is it possible to have a non Keynesian model where one that still supports moderate amount of inflation is good for the economy? I mean, since the 1970s, since this has happened, yeah, this is what basically most fiat economists, as I like to call them, essentially anybody at a university financed by governments, which is financed by central banks, which is financed by fiat. Oh, we'll talk about that. The effect of fiat money on our life, as you write about in your book, fiat standard, one of them is education. I'm sure we'll disagree there too. Not smart enough to disagree, but I'll disagree anyway. So yeah, so a whole bunch of other models came up, but basically it's such an 
The following is a conversation with Jeff Hawkins. He's the founder of the Redwood Center for Theoretical Neuroscience in 2002, and NuMenta in 2005. In his 2004 book, titled On Intelligence, and in the research before and after, he and his team have worked to reverse engineer the neural cortex, and propose artificial intelligence architectures, approaches, and ideas that are inspired by the human brain. These ideas include Hierarchical Tupperware Memory, HTM, from 2004, and new work, the Thousand Brains Theory of Intelligence from 2017, 18, and 19. Jeff's ideas have been an inspiration to many who have looked for progress beyond the current machine learning approaches, but they have also received criticism for lacking a body of empirical evidence supporting the models. This is always a challenge when seeking more than small incremental steps forward in AI. Jeff is a brilliant mind, and many of the ideas he has developed and aggregated from neuroscience are worth understanding and thinking about. There are limits to deep learning, as it is currently defined. 
ive role of government that you can imagine you can speak to? I can repeat many other cases, but I don't find any of them compelling for the reason that I mentioned, which is that ultimately they all rely on putting a gun to somebody's head and using the threat of force. So that's for me, it can never be justifiable. Whatever the ends are, if the means are violence and the threat of violence, then the ends aren't justified. Everything that's good, governments will use as an excuse to justify coercion. So, you know, what do you like? You like motherhood and apple pie? Well, government needs to ensure that motherhood works well, and we need the government central planning of birth. We need regulations on birth, for instance. We need regulations on how people give birth. We need to ban people from giving birth in traditional ways that have been tried for thousands of years. We need to force people to do things in the modern scientific way. Well, so what about things like that all of us use, so infrastructure, for example, or education, or, well, 
e case that supposing, you know, you're like, I've already decided my career. I'm doing something quite different. You can contribute with money too, where at the Center for Effective Altruism, we set up the Long Term Future Fund. So if you go on to effectivealtruism.org, you can donate where a group of individuals will then work out what's the highest value place they can donate to work on existential risk issues with a particular focus on AI. What's path number three? This was path number three. This is donations with the third option I was thinking of. Okay. And then, yeah, there are, you can also donate directly to organizations working on this, like Center for Human Compatible AI at Berkeley, Future of Humanity Institute at Oxford, or other organizations too. Does AI keep you up at night? This kind of concern? Yeah, it's kind of a mix where I think it's very likely things are going to go well. I think we're going to be able to solve these problems. I think that's by far the most likely outcome, at least over the next. By far the most likely. 
n show up and blend in, super talented, they've probably had an excellent education, especially if they're from one of the two major cities, but even if not so, even from Siberia, and they go off, they leave, they're not a source of opposition, and that keeps the whole thing up and running for another generation. Yeah, what do you make of the other big player, China? They seem to have a very different messed up, but also functioning system. They seem to be much better at encouraging entrepreneurs. They're choosing winners, but what do you make of the entire Chinese system? Why does it work as well as it does currently? What are your concerns about it, and what are its threats to the United States, or possible, what is it you said, wisdom isn't when two ideas come together, is there some possible benefits of these kinds of ideas coming together? It's amazing what China has done, but I would say to put it in perspective, if you compare them to Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Singapore, they've still done much worse, not even close. And that
act of dreaming, it's about the content of the dreams, not just the fact of a dream itself. It's, first of all, it's fascinating. It makes a lot of sense, but then immediately takes my mind to, from an engineering perspective, how that could be useful in, for example, AI systems of, if you think about dreaming as an important part about learning and cognition and filtering previous memories of what's important, integrating them. You know, maybe you can correct me, but I see dreaming as a kind of simulation of worlds that are not constrained by physics. So like you get a chance to take some of your memories, some of your thoughts, some of your anxieties, and play with them, like construct virtual worlds and see how it evolves. Like to play with those worlds in a safe environment of your mind, safe in quotes, because you could probably get into a lot of trouble with the places your mind will go. But this definitely is applied in much cruder ways in artificial intelligence. So one context in which this is applied is the process called self p
nity, but in a lot of communities. And I'm happy to give people the benefit of the doubt when they're overpromising, but not when they're making their own money. When you start making your own currency, then you don't get the benefit of the doubt. Because if your idea needs you to have a new currency that you print when Bitcoin is out there, then I'm gonna go ahead and assume that you're doing this for the money. It's a good time to mention that I am actually launching my new coin called LexCoin. You mean ShitCoin. Yes. Oh, God. I'm gonna have to block you with love. Okay, one thing I wanted to ask you about is the Feds, this paper they released in January 20th on the potential central bank digital currency, CBDC. What are your thoughts about that? Is it just another, like, is there pros and cons to this? Is it at all interesting to you that they're even considering this kind of thing? I used to think that it's just basically a waffle. It's meaningless. And because as it exists, the dollar is a central bank digital currency. The vast majority of do
e advantageous and to learn from it and so we are naturally evolved or designed to enjoy beauty and it's a symmetry and the world has it and that's why we resonate with it. Well it's interesting that the ideas of symmetry emerge at many levels of the hierarchy of the universe. So you're talking about particles but it also is at the level of chemistry and biology and the fact that our cognitive sort of our perception system and whatever our cognition is also finds it appealing or somehow our sense of what is beautiful is grounded in this idea of symmetry or the breaking of symmetry. Symmetry is at the core of our conception of beauty whether it's the breaking or the non breaking of the symmetry. It makes you wonder why. Why? So I come from Russia and the question of Dostoevsky he has said that beauty will save the world. Maybe as a physicist you can tell me what do you think he meant by that? I don't know if it saves the world but it does turn out to be a tremendous source of insight into the world. When we investigate kind 
is full of surprises, I would say. I did martial arts for a long time. I do martial arts, and I've always loved, it's kind of the Russian way of drilling, is doing the same technique. I don't know if this applies into intellectual or academic disciplines, where you can do the same thing over and over and over again, thousands and thousands and thousands of times. What I've discovered through that process is you get to start to appreciate the tiniest of details and find the beauty in them. People who go to like monasteries to meditate talk about this, is when you just sit in silence and don't do anything, you start to appreciate how much complexity and beauty there is in just the movement of a finger. Like you can spend the whole day joyously thinking about how fun it is to move a finger. And then you can almost become your full weird self about the tiniest details of life. As a thing, you've got to wonder, like, is there a free lunch in there? Are the rest of us moving around too much? Yeah, exactly. They sure feel like they found a free
ngs. You have to be careful though because there's a lot of crap also. But you can sort of tell the difference if you do a little digging. So don't settle on just, what your thesis advisor tells you to do or what your teacher tells you to do. Look for yourself and get a sense of what seems promising, not what seemed promising 10 years ago or, so that's one. Another thing is to, is kind of complimentary to that. Well, they're all complimentary. Complimentary to that is to read history and read the masters, the history of ideas and masters of ideas. I'd benefited enormously from, as early in my career, from reading in physics, Einstein in the original and Feynman's lectures as they were coming out and Darwin. You know, these, you can learn what it, and Galileo, you can learn what it is to wrestle with difficult ideas and how great minds did that. You can learn a lot about style, how to write your ideas up and express them in clear ways. And also just a couple of that with, I also enjoy reading biographies. And biographies, yes, similarly, right, yea
o inject more energy. And so that gives us, in some sense, a hint of how things were in the earlier universe. Yeah, well, in that regard, asymptotic freedom is a tremendous blessing because it means things get simpler at high energy. The universe was born free. Born free. That's very good, yes. Universe was born. So in atomic physics, a similar thing happens in the theory of stars. Stars are hot enough that the interactions between electrons and photons, they're liberated. They don't form atoms anymore. They make a plasma, which in some ways is simpler to understand. You don't have complicated chemistry. And in the early universe, according to QCD, similarly atomic nuclei dissolved and take the constituent quarks and gluons, which are moving around very fast and interacting in relatively simple ways. And so this opened up the early universe to scientific calculation. Can I ask you about some other weird particles that make up our universe? What are axions? And what is the strong CP problem? Okay, so let me start with what the strong CP proble
 in how it is and why it is that we have adapted to our surroundings in the service of persisting over time and being represented in the gene pool thereafter. You used to be a fish. Yeah, we used to be a fish. And I'll end up talking on a podcast. Yeah. How we came to be that way. How we came to be that way. And so whereas the existential psychodynamic types, I would say, are more interested in development across a single lifespan. And but but the evolutionary types dismiss the psychodynamic types as overly speculative and devoid of empirical support for their views. They, you know, they'll just say these guys are talking shit, if you'll pardon the expression. And of course, you can turn right around and say the same about the evolutionary types that they are often and rightfully criticized evolutionary psychologists for what are called the just so stories that where it's like, oh, this is probably why fill in the blank is potentially adaptive. And my thought again early on was I didn't see any intrinsic antithesis between these view
y. And that's something, I don't know, the way time works, it just runs away from you, and you never really get a chance to do, learn quite that broadly again. That's the curse of specialization, is you kind of never get a chance to study biology, chemistry. If you're a physicist, time runs away from you. So enjoy the broad education of it. But yeah, like you said, find the things that valued by the market. And on the other side of it, you said all the good stuff. So that's also a way to get happiness. Yeah, and I'll also add, the horse that I like to whip all the time is the low time preference aspect of things, saving with Bitcoin. So I think my advice to young people is, when you're young, you think of the world in a very short term, generally. You're focused on the present, and you think that everything that's happening in the present is the most important thing that's ever gonna happen in the history of humanity. Lower your time preference, think about the future, think about, think further down the line, think about the consequences of the thing
nto an 80s movie. And you have the ability to go get ahold of whatever it is that you think is most important. And what do we do? And I say, we, as in, you know, including all of us, we grab a TV, we attack it. We break into a sneaker store in Melrose. We do, it's just like, ah, we still giant cause statues where the value of that is completely market driven. Like it's just a piece of polypropylene or whatever, butyl and you know, it's cool. I'm a big fan of art, but it's like, you know, I can't eat that. And at the end of the day, man, you're sitting there with your, like, what'd you do today, honey? What'd you get? You know, man, we were able to, you know, oh, I got this, I got this designer art statue. Are you going to go, well, you can't really sell it on the, on like the art markets where people were really going to pay for it. So are you going to become an underground art dealer with your one piece of cause art? One interesting thing you just said before I forget it, you mentioned the library of Alexandria and your. Phone. Well, your phone, but also just think
lso, when we think about various abstract concepts, we usually reduce that to vision and images, and that's, you know, we go to a whiteboard, you draw pictures of very abstract concepts. So we tend to resort to that quite a bit, and that's a fundamental representation. It's probably possible that it predated language even. I mean, animals, a lot of, they don't talk, but they certainly do have vision, and language is interesting development in from mastication, from eating. You develop an organ that actually can produce sound to manipulate them. Maybe that was an accident. Maybe that was something that was available and then allowed us to do the communication, or maybe it was gestures. Sign language could have been the original proto language. We don't quite know, but the language is more fundamental than the medium in which it's communicated, and I think that it comes from those representations. Now, in current world, they are so strongly integrated, it's really hard to say which one is fundamental. You look at the brain structures and even vis
ying to teach students the most useful techniques for them to use today, I end up shrinking the amount of time I talk about reinforcement learning. It's not what's working today. Now, our world changes so fast. Maybe this will be totally different in a couple of years. But I think we need a couple more things for reinforcement learning to get there. One of my teams is looking to reinforcement learning for some robotic control tasks. So I see the applications, but if you look at it as a percentage of all of the impact of the types of things we do, it's at least today outside of playing video games, right? In a few of the games, the scope. Actually, at NeurIPS, a bunch of us were standing around saying, hey, what's your best example of an actual deploy reinforcement learning application? And among like senior machine learning researchers, right? And again, there are some emerging ones, but there are not that many great examples. I think you're absolutely right. The sad thing is there hasn't been a big impactful real world application of rein
e a bit of an effort because it's not easy, but the rewards are wonderful. Yeah, there's something interesting about an objective function of new experiences. So try to figure out, I mean, what is the maximally new experience I could have today? And that sort of that novelty, optimizing for novelty for some period of time might be very interesting way to sort of maximally expand the sets of experiences you had and then ground from that perspective, like what will be the most fulfilling trajectory through life. Of course, the flip side of that is where I come from. Again, maybe Russian, I don't know. But the choice has a detrimental effect, I think, at least from my mind where scarcity has an empowering effect. So if I sort of, if I have very little of something and only one of that something, I will appreciate it deeply until I came to Texas recently and I've been pigging out on delicious, incredible meat. I've been fasting a lot, so I need to do that again. But when you fast for a few days, that the first taste of a food is incredible. So
on the back. And the pulse hits the ice and flashes off a layer of steam that becomes plasma. And plasma is opaque because it conducts. And so being opaque, it then absorbs all of the energy from the laser pulse and gets really hot and just pushes on the back of the block of ice. And then you wait a moment for that to dissipate and then you do it again. So it would just kind of vibrate its way. Like it sounds really violent, but Freeman said that if you were wearing like rubber sold tennis shoes standing in this vehicle, you would just feel a mild vibration. So there your source of energy is on the ground and you're getting higher specific impulse than you could get by burning chemicals. Jordan Kerr and others worked on another laser system, the late Dr. Jordan Kerr, that just would heat up a heat exchanger by many converging solid state lasers from the ground. And Kevin Parkin works on a similar scheme that just uses microwaves to do that. We looked at tall towers. I spent a while looking kind of semi seriously at giant bullw
l just add it in post. Yeah, her point, it says God in the title, of course. But she's like, look, all religions are generally fairly right minded in that they advocate the golden rule. And all religions, at their best, do seem to foster pro social behavior towards the in group. And that confers both psychological as well as physical benefits. That's the good news. And the bad news is historically all religions are subject to being hijacked by a lunatic fringe who declares that, you know, they're the ones in sole possession of the world. Sole possession of the liturgical practices or whatever they call them. And they're the ones that turn, you know, religion at its best into your crusades and holocausts. Yeah. My view, not that it should matter for much, but I grew up just skeptical of religion because I'm like, as a kid, I'm like, well, if we didn't have these beliefs, we wouldn't be killing each other because of them. And I'd be like to my parents, well, you're telling me that all people should be judged on the merits of their character, but don't c
rything in sight. So between the failure to invest in a future and the corruption of a narrow group around the president, there's disillusionment in the state apparatus because they see this more clearly or more closely than the mass of the population. They can't necessarily yet oppose this in public because they're people, they have families, they have careers, they have children who want to go to school or want a job. And so there are constraints on their ability to oppose the regime based upon what we might call cowardice or other people might call realism. I don't know how courageous people can be when their family, children, career are on the line. So it's very interesting dynamic to see the disillusionment inside the government with the president, which is not yet fully public for the most part, but could become public. And once again, if there's an alternative, if an alternative appears, things could shift quickly. And that alternative could come from inside the regime. From inside the regime. But the leadership, the party, the p
oadmap epigenomics paper a few years after that, but basically that matrix that you mentioned earlier was in fact the first time that we could see what genetic traits have genetic variants that are enriched in what tissues in the body. And a lot of that map made complete sense. If you looked at a diversity of immune traits like allergies and type one diabetes and so on and so forth, you basically could see that they were enriching, that the genetic variants associated with those traits were enriched in enhancers in these gene regulatory elements active in T cells and B cells and hematopoietic stem cells and so on and so forth. So that basically gave us a confirmation in many ways that those immune traits were indeed enriching immune cells. If you looked at type two diabetes, you basically saw an enrichment in only one type of sample and it was pancreatic islets. And we know that type two diabetes sort of stems from the dysregulation of insulin in the beta cells of pancreatic islets. And that sort of was spot on, super p
owledge, second edition or first, not the third, please. The third one, they took out all the fun. Okay. So this asks all the interesting, or to me, interesting philosophical questions about how we acquire knowledge from all perspectives, from math, from art, from physics, and ask how can we know anything? And the book is called Theory of Knowledge. From which, is this almost like a philosophical exploration of how we get knowledge from anything? Yes, yeah, I mean, can religion tell us, you know, about something about the world? Can science tell us something about the world? Can mathematics, or is it just playing with symbols? And, you know, it's open ended questions. And, I mean, it's for high school students, so they have then resources from Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy and from Star Wars and The Chicken Crossed the Road, yeah. And it's fun to read, but it's also quite deep. If you could live one day of your life over again, has it made you truly happy? Or maybe like we said with the books, it was truly transformative. What day, what moment would y
about it. It just, it's there. The real action is the electrons moving around and exchanging and things like that. Okay, but we want it to understand the nucleus too. And so atoms are sort of quantum mechanical clouds of electrons held together by electrical forces, which is photons. And then this radiation, which is another aspect of photons. That's where all the fun happens is the electrons and the photons. Yeah, that's right. And the nucleus are kind of the, well, they give the positive charge and most of the mass of matter, but they don't, since they're so heavy, they don't move very much in chemistry. And I'm oversimplifying drastically. They're not contributing much to the interaction in chemistry. For most purposes in chemistry, you can just idealize them as concentrations of positive mass and charge that are, you don't have to look inside, but people are curious what's inside. And that was a big thing on the agenda of 20th century physics starting in the 19, well, starting with the 20th century and unfolding throughout of trying to understand 
go to their website and buy one of these devices anytime you want to spend the money. Yeah. And the new one is coming out, I think in 2022, so in a few months. What do you think, looking out 50 years from now, what wins? Virtual reality, augmented reality, or physical reality? What wins? Meaning like, what do people that have financial resources enjoy spending most of their time in? I've always been a fan of AR and it's kind of an easy answer because if you're wearing an AR device and you put a bag over your head, it becomes a VR device. If you block out what's really there, then all you're seeing is a VR. But you are, with AR, constrained to kind of operate in something that's similar to physical reality. Yeah. With VR, you can go into fantastical worlds. True. True. But there are still issues in those fantastical worlds with motion sickness. If your body is experiencing acceleration, your inner ear, that differs from what your eye thinks it's seeing, then you'll get sick, unless you're a very unusual person. So it doesn't mean you can't do it, it's just a c
ss it is. It is. But like your behavior patterns that might change over a period of a life, your ability to remember things, your ability to be empathetic or emotionally, your intelligence perhaps even. Yeah, but intelligence has hundreds of variables. You can be your math intelligence, your literary intelligence, your puzzle solving intelligence, your logic. It could be like hundreds of things. And all of that, we're able to measure that better and better and all that could be connected to the entire pipeline somehow. We used to think of each of these as a single variable like intelligence. I mean, that's ridiculous. It's basically dozens of different genes that are controlling every single variable. You can basically think of, imagine us in a video game where every one of us has measures of strength, stamina, energy left and so on and so forth. But you could click on each of those five bars that are just the main bars and each of those will just give you then hundreds of bars and can basically say, okay, great for my machine learning 
y that was out there. So this begins the problem for England. And that begins the end of England as the world's superpower. And the way they tried to fight that was to get more and more countries around the world to establish central banks and have, and hold British pounds. So they'd hold, you know, basically dumping their bags like just any other shit coin. You just, if you get people to buy your shit coin, you know, that raises the value of your shit coin. So. Can you define shit coin? Shit coin is, in my definition of a shit coin is that it's any form of money where somebody can produce it. So soft money. Not necessarily, I guess. I think the difference, so there's easy money, but the shit coin is something that someone can produce at a rate that is, at a cost that is different from the market cost. So gold, nobody can make gold except if they dig for it. And the cost of mining gold is generally in the range of the price of gold. Seems true for Bitcoin. So gold is not a shit coin. Gold is not a shit coin. The copper is. Copper, I'm not so su
'll be kind of a God's eye view which sees everything that's going on in the computer or the brain. And then there's the brain's own view or the central processor or whatever it is, what we call the self, the consciousness, that's only aware of a very small part of it. And those are very different. Those are, so the God's eye view can be deterministic while the self view sees free will. I'm pretty sure that's how it's gonna work out actually. But as it stands, free will is a concept that we definitely, at least I feel I definitely experience, I can choose to do one thing then another. And other people I think are sufficiently similar to me that I trust that they feel the same way. And it's an essential concept in psychology and law and so forth. But at the same time, I think that mind emerges from matter and that there's an alternative description of matter that's up to subtleties about quantum mechanics, which I don't think are relevant here, really is deterministic. Let me ask you about some particles. Okay. First the absurd question, almost 
mall so we face small data problems you know the factories keep on changing the environment so it works well on your test set but guess what something changes in the factory the lights go on or off recently there was a factory in which a bird threw through the factory and pooped on something and so that changed stuff and so increasing our algorithm makes robustness so all the changes happen in the factory I find that we run a lot of practical problems that are not as widely discussed in academia and it's really fun kind of being on the cutting edge solving these problems before maybe before many people are even aware that there is a problem there and that's such a fascinating space you're absolutely right but what is the first step that a company should take it's just scary leap into this new world of going from the human eye inspecting to digitizing that process having a camera having an algorithm what's the first step like what's the early journey that you recommend that you see these companies taking I published
onstraint that VR designers have to learn to work with. So do you think it's possible that in the future, we're living mostly in a virtual reality world? Like, we become more and more detached from physical reality? For entertainment, maybe, for certain applications, I'm personally more, I mean, we have to make a distinction between what I would personally find interesting and what might win in the market. So maybe some people, maybe lots of people, would like to spend a huge amount of time in VR. I'm personally more interested in enhancing the experience that I have of the physical world, because the physical world's pretty cool, right? There's a lot to be said for moving around in the real world. And I ask you for you personally, to try to play devil's advocate, or to try to construct, to imagine a VR world where you and Neal Stephenson wouldn't want to stay. Not because the physical world all of a sudden became really bad, for some reason, like you're trying to escape it. Like, literally, it's just more enriching. In the same way, like, there's a
er whole idea of virtue of selfishness and her, because you mentioned that everybody has a kernel of truth. There's potential for a kernel of truth to be discovered in anything. For example, I've been recently reading Mein Kampf. You know what, that's the thing. Even, there's something in, there's probably things in Mein Kampf that are not the surface level read. If you get all hung up on all, probably all his crap about his anger at Jews and this and that, all this crap, it's like, okay, yeah, that's right on the surface. Try to get below that. Try to see, how is he creating the Jews as a cope somehow? Like, how is he using, why are they his scapegoat, and I mean scapegoat in the, so Ren Girard's concept of the scapegoat, I mean it in that sense, whereas Hitler uses, he wants to make the Jews the scapegoat for World War I. You know what I mean? For me, the starting point, similar with Ayn Rand, is that Mein Kampf is not a good place to search, not just because Hitler is evil, but it's just not full of ideas. No, it is not. It has its significance due to
t kind of mindset and it's not as hard for me as it used to be. The real resistance, I think, for me, and I think this is true for anybody, is the question of sort of what's the next idea? What's the next book? What's the next project that you're gonna work on? And when I ask that question, I'm asking it of the muse. I'm kind of saying, what do you want me, or I'm asking it of my unconscious. If we're looking at Bruce Springsteen's albums, it's kind of, well, what's the next album? Now he's on Broadway. That was a great idea, right? Where'd that come from, you know? But, and then for him, what's after that, you know? Because that body of work is already alive. It already exists inside us, kind of like a woman's biological clock, and we have to serve it. And we have to, otherwise it'll give us cancer, you know? I don't mean to say that if anybody has cancer that they're not, you know what I mean? It'll take its revenge on us. So the next resistance to me is sort of, or a big aspect of it is, what's next? You know, when I finish the book I'm working on now, I'm not sure wha
ter yourself. That was the motivation. And some of the books I've seen that you listed that were inspiring to you was from Russian literature, like Tolstoy, Dostoevsky, Solzhenitsyn. Maybe in general you can speak to your fascination with Russian literature or in general what you picked up from those. I'm not surprised you picked up on the Russian literature, your background, but that's okay. You should be surprised I didn't make the entire conversation about this. That's the real surprise. Yeah. When I didn't really become a physicist or want to go in science until I started college. So when I was younger, I was good at math and that kind of stuff, but I didn't really, I came from a family, nobody went to college and I didn't have any mentors. But I liked to read when I was really young. And so when I was very young, I always carried around a pocket book and read it. And my mother read these mystery stories and I got bored by those eventually. And then I discovered real literature. I don't know what age, but about 12 or 13. And so then I started 
 be unequivocally proven right or wrong. Well, then why do you maintain them? Well, ultimately it's because of some form of faith. But also faith shouldn't be a dogmatic thing that you should always be leaping. I guess the problem with science or with religion is you can sort of all of a sudden take a step into a place where you're super confident that you know the absolute truth of things. There you go. And again, back to Socrates, Plato, back in the cave. At Skidmore, where I work, that's what I have the students read in their first week. And Plato's like, oh, look at all those poor bastards. They're in the cave, but they don't know it. And then they are freed from their chains. And they have to be dragged out of the cave, by the way, which is another interesting point. They don't run out. But that gets back to why people don't like to be divested of their comfortable illusions. But anyway, they get dragged out of the cave into the sunlight, which he claims is a representation of truth and beauty. And I say to the students, well, what's wrong with
 it. So another question you can have is okay. I mean, how close does some people's happiness get from interacting with just a really nice dog? Like, I mean, dogs, you come home, that's what dogs do. They greet you, they're excited, makes you happy when you come home to your dog. You're just like, okay, this is exciting. They're always happy when I'm here. And if they don't greet you, cause maybe whatever, your partner took them on a trip or something, you might not be nearly as happy when you get home, right? And so the kind of, it seems like the level of reasoning a dog has is pretty sophisticated, but then it's still not yet at the level of human reasoning. And so it seems like we don't even need to achieve human level reasoning to get like very strong affection with humans. And so my thinking is why not, right? Why couldn't, with an AI, couldn't we achieve the kind of level of affection that humans feel among each other or with friendly animals and so forth? So question, is it a good thing for us or not? That's another thing, right? Because I mean, bu
time where it wasn't certain if there was a path to pursue, if now was the right time to do something and then the technological choice of doing that. And so we were both, our starting point was looking at invasive technologies. And I was building invasive technology at the time. That's ultimately where he's gone. Little less than a year after Elon and I were engaged, I shifted kernel to do noninvasive. And we had this neuroscientist come to kernel. We were talking about, he had been doing neural surgery for 30 years, one of the most respected neuroscientists in the US. And we brought him to kernel to figure out the ins and outs of his profession. And at the very end of our three hour conversation, he said, you know, every 15 or so years, a new technology comes along that changes everything. He said, it's probably already here. You just can't see it yet. And my jaw dropped. I thought, because I had spoken to Bob Greenberg who had built a second site first on the optical nerve and then he did an array on the optical cortex. And then I also be
en the 7%, like if you look at just the increase in the money supply, which I think is a much better metric. And this is what's reflected on the desirable goods. Like if you look at the price of real estate in Miami Beach, as Michael Saylor mentioned in your example, it goes up at around 6, 7% per year on average over the last century. So that's, if you wanna live in a nice area, that's what happening to real estate. If you wanna go to the good universities, that's what's going up. It's going up at a rate that's similar to the increase in the money supply. And you can beat CPI, but CPI is designed so you can beat it, but you can't really beat the appreciation in the things that you actually want to buy, in the price of good food, the price of good real estate. So, and most investment professionals fail at doing that. That was what it's supposed to do, but arguably we never had a pure gold standard because the nature of gold means that the people who are in charge of the gold, they have an enormous amount of power because the gold is concentrated
t can be worn in contextual environments. If it meets the criteria of being a mass market device, then the responsibility that we have is to figure out how to create the algorithm that enables the human, to enable humans to then find value with it. So the analogy is like brain interfaces are like early 90s of the internet, is you wanna populate an ecosystem with a certain number of devices, you want a certain number of people who play around with them, who do experiments of certain data collection parameters, you want to encourage certain mistakes from experts and non experts. These are all critical elements that ignite discovery. And so we believe we've accomplished the first objective of building technology that reaches those thresholds. And now it's the Drake equation component of how do we try to generate 20 years of value discovery in a two or three year time period? How do we compress that? So just to clarify, so when you mean the Drake equation, which for people who don't know, I don't know why you, if you listen to this, I bri
r. I think for me, I'm really writing about my own internal war and the war against myself and against my own resistance, my own negativity, all of those things that spirituality would be the opposite of. So I'm not really an expert on war. It's not like talking to Jim Mattis or to Victor Davis Hanson or whatever. To me, the human being, we are spiritual beings in a physical envelope. And there's an automatic terrible tension within that. And which creates a war inside ourselves. So the outer war, when I think about the Israeli army standing up to, whatever, 10 to one odds or whatever it was, that is a metaphor to me of the fight we're fighting inside ourselves. For me, the six day war was, as you know, my feeling was it was about a return from exile. It was sort of the culmination of the reestablishment of the state of Israel, which had never really been completed because the holiest places of the Jewish people were in the hands of their enemies. So now, on the other hand, Alexander the Great's conquests, I think, were a whole other different
 therapy for memories that everyone gets a name badge and sleep gathers in all of the individual pieces of the day and it sort of starts to get you to forces you, in fact, to speak to the people, not at the front of the room that you think you've got the most obvious connection with, but to speak with the people all the way at the back of the room that at first you think, I've got no idea what's going on in the room. You think I've got no obvious connection with them at all. But once you get chatting with them, you learn that you do have a very distant, non obvious connection, but it's still a connection on the same. And it's almost as though you're doing a Google search where I input Lex Friedman and it doesn't take me to the first page of your home site. It takes me to page 20, which is about some like field hockey game in Utah. It turns out that there actually is a link. If I look at it, it's a distant, non obvious one. And to me, I find that exciting because when you fuse things together that shouldn't normally go together, but when the
of these historical accidents, trillions of R&D dollars and rubles were put into development of chemical rocket technology, which has now advanced to an incredibly high degree. But there's other ways to make things go really fast, which is all that rockets do. That's all orbit is. It's just going really fast. And because so many nerds are obsessed with space, people have been thinking about alternate schemes for as long as they've been thinking about rockets. And so one of the first things that I learned kind of trying to explore new possibilities was that I could put all of my brainpower to work and be creative as I could and invent some idea that I thought was new for making things go fast. And I would always find out that some guy in Russia or somewhere had thought the same idea up 50 years ago and figured out all the math. And so at a certain point, you give up on trying to invent completely new ideas and just go poking around trying to find those guys. So there's a number of ideas that we looked at. Some are crazier, some are 
eck out our sponsors in the description. And now let me leave you with some words from Neal Stephenson himself in his novel, Snow Crash. The world is full of things more powerful than us, but if you know how to catch a ride, you can go places. Thanks for listening and hope to see you next time. You can use the same physics to make freestanding loops of chain or other flexible materials that just kind of stand up under their own physics. I mean, it's kind of awesome to imagine. So imagine using the same kind of physics of a whip, but have at the end of it a spaceship. That would detach at the moment of maximum velocity. Why not? Why wouldn't that? So part of my motivation in studying that was to ask that question. It was more almost a symbolic way of saying, look, there's all kinds of physics we haven't explored yet. It's no more crazy than the idea of chemical rockets. It's just that more money's gone into chemical rockets, right? Can I ask you a question on propulsion that's a little bit more out there? So I don't know if you've seen quite 
tem for converting the SLAM primitives into game engine objects that the AIs in the game could navigate around. And that ended up shipping as more of a dev kit or a sort of how to a sample app than as a finished consumer facing. You mean the baby goat AI? That seems to me like a world I could entertain myself for hours, just every day coming home to see baby goats. Yeah. I mean, it was an ambient kind of... It's not a thing that you would sit there and play like a video. Just life. Yeah. Yeah. But now there's baby goats. I mean, what's the purpose of having dogs and cats in your life exactly? It's kind of ambient. They're not really helping you do anything, but it's enriching your life. You can go and play fetch or something for a while if you want, but you don't have to. So we worked on that in a bigger project that was more of a storytelling in a fictional universe. The hardware is worth a look. There's still a belief, I just saw it this morning looking at Twitter, that the Magic League never shipped anything. But they've been, since 2019, you can 
under the gold standard, governments fought until they ran out of their own gold. Under the fiat standard, with paper money, with credit money, governments fought until they ran out of liquid wealth in the hands of all of their citizens. So let's find flaws in this thinking if there's any. Okay, there's a lot of pacifist type of thinking in World War II as Hitler was expanding and expanding. Hitler framed himself as a victim of the past, of history. He never attacked anybody. Everyone's always threatening to attack him. That's kind of the narrative. And he keeps expanding. He keeps sweet talking with his charisma, all the countries around him, into sort of embracing pacifism. Stay out of the war until the war is on your doorstep. So France, just very suboptimal military strategy from the perspective of many European nations in response to Hitler. They were basically hoodwinked by his words. So then there's Churchill, Winston Churchill, who stepped up and says, perhaps irrationally, from some kind of economics perspective, saying we're not goi
systems that a human can love. And I think there's something about mortality and fear mortality that is essential for implementing in our AI systems. And so maybe can you comment on that? So this is a different perspective on your work, which is like, how do we engineer a human? Yeah, so, no, this is awesome, Lex. I'm delighted that you said that. First of all, and I may have mentioned this to you, and I can't remember because I am seeing now, when you first contacted me, I had just been told I have to learn more about your work because I'm working with some very talented people in New York and they're writing a screenplay for a movie about an artificial intelligence. It's a female AI set in like 30 years in the future. And basically the little twist, this is how I had to read Heidegger. So these people call me and they're like, we're making a movie. It's based on Becker and your work and Heidegger and this other philosopher, Levinas, and then another philosopher, Silvia Benzo, who's an Italian philosopher. And the long short story is the movie is
rs that just massive communities don't exist. But anyway, the second question, do you think most people want to do good? Yeah, and then I think that is true for most people. I think you see that with the fact that most people donate, a large proportion of people volunteer. If you give people opportunities to easily help other people, they will take it. But at the same time, we're a product of our circumstances and if it were more socially awarded to be doing more good, if it were more socially awarded to do good effectively rather than not effectively, then we would see that behavior a lot more. So why should we do good? Yeah, my answer to this is there's no kind of deeper level of explanation. So my answer to kind of why should you do good is well, there is someone whose life is on the line, for example, whose life you can save via donating just actually a few thousand dollars to an effective nonprofit like the Against Malaria Foundation. That is a sufficient reason to do good. And then if you ask, well, why ought I to do that? I'm like
 thinks deeply about things and it feels like academia can sometimes stifle that. I think so. So my concern right now, Lex, for young scholars is that the restrictions and expectations are such that it's highly unlikely that anybody will do anything of great value or innovation except for, and this is not a bad thing, but stepwise improvement of existing paradigms. So in simple English, I went to Princeton for a job interview 40 years ago and they're like, what are you going to do if we give you a job? And I'm like, I don't know, I want to think about it and read. And I saw that that interview was over, the window of opportunity shut in my face and they actually called my mentors and they're like, what are you doing? Tell this guy to buy some pants. I had hair down to my waist also. He's like, this guy looks like Charles Manson in Jesus. But the expectation is that you come to a post, you start publishing so that you can get grants. That's certainly true. But there's also kind of a behavioral thing. You said like long hair. There's a certain st
hs in deep learning. And there's currently pushback at that idea that larger data sets are no longer, so you want to increase the efficiency of learning. You want to make better learning mechanisms. And I personally believe that bigger data sets will still, with the same learning methods we have now, will result in better performance. What's your intuition at this time on this dual side? Do we need to come up with better architectures for learning or can we just get bigger, better data sets that will improve performance? I think both are important and it's also problem dependent. So for a few data sets, we may be approaching a Bayes error rate or approaching or surpassing human level performance and then there's that theoretical ceiling that we will never surpass, so Bayes error rate. But then I think there are plenty of problems where we're still quite far from either human level performance or from Bayes error rate and bigger data sets with neural networks without further algorithmic innovation will be sufficient to take us f
ns will only have one sentence, maybe two. Probably true. Yeah. But it's the only one I can read and understand, right? And it may be hard to understand the human one past a number of centuries. Yeah, with AI, yes. Like how many years from now will reading Wikipedia be like trying to read Chaucer, which I almost can do, but I actually can't. I need a translation. Probably you can't do it at all. Yeah. I mean, maybe reading will be outdated. It might be a very silly notion. Maybe we're fundamentally, like we think language is fundamental to cognition, but it could be something visual or something totally different that we'll plug in. Neuralink or, yeah. But in that story, that Wikipedia article, do you think there'll be a section on the meaning of it? I hope not, because that section we could write now, and it's just not going to be very good, right? What would you put in the section on the meaning of human existence? I don't know, links to a lot of other sections? I don't think there are general statements about the meaning of life that have that much
u're like, oh gosh, which ones of those is it? But even that question of which ones of those is it is making the assumption that it is one of those as opposed to some random gene just far, far away, which is what our paper showed. So basically what our paper showed is that you can't ignore the circuitry. You have to first figure out the circuitry, all of those long range interactions, how every genetic variant impacts the expression of every gene in every tissue imaginable across hundreds of individuals. And then you now have one of the building blocks, not even all of the building blocks for then going and understanding disease. So embrace the wholeness of the circuitry. Correct. So back to the question of starting knowing nothing to the disease and going to the treatment. So what are the next steps? So you basically have to first figure out the tissue and then describe how you figure out the tissue. You figure out the tissue by taking all of these non coding variants that are sitting outside proteins and then figuring out wha
ch is perhaps a million times harder to do. Then criticism on the right, there's definitely like in response to the Joe Rogan podcast. There definitely were a number of Ayn Rand fans who weren't keen on the idea of promoting altruism. There was a remarkable set of ideas. Just the idea that Effective Altruism was unmanly, I think, was driving a lot of criticism. Okay, so I love fighting. I've been in street fights my whole life. I'm as alpha in everything I do as it gets. And the fact that Joe Rogan said that I thought Scent of a Woman is a better movie than John Wick put me into this beta category amongst people who are like basically saying this, yeah, unmanly or it's not tough. It's not some principled view of strength that is represented by a spasmodic. So actually, so how do you think about this? Because to me, altruism, especially Effective Altruism, I don't know what the female version of that is, but on the male side, manly as fuck, if I may say so. So how do you think about that kind of criticism? I think people who would make that c
piece at a time. Like, what does it mean to do high level thought? What does it mean to do language? How would that fit into a reference frame framework? Yeah, so there's a, I don't know if you could tell me if there's a connection, but there's an app called Anki that helps you remember different concepts. And they talk about like a memory palace that helps you remember completely random concepts by trying to put them in a physical space in your mind and putting them next to each other. It's called the method of loci. Loci, yeah. For some reason, that seems to work really well. Now, that's a very narrow kind of application of just remembering some facts. But that's a very, very telling one. Yes, exactly. So this seems like you're describing a mechanism why this seems to work. So basically the way what we think is going on is all things you know, all concepts, all ideas, words, everything you know are stored in reference frames. And so if you want to remember something, you have to basically navigate through a reference frame the same way a rat 
t it can also deal with noisy data. So if you have, for instance, a coin flip, say a biased coin, which comes up head with 60% probability, then it will predict, it will learn and figure this out, and after a while it predicts, oh, the next coin flip will be head with probability 60%. So it's the stochastic version of that. But the goal is, the dream is always the search for the short program. Yes, yeah. Well, in solomotive induction, precisely what you do is, so you combine, so looking for the shortest program is like applying Opaque's razor, like looking for the simplest theory. There's also Epicorus principle, which says, if you have multiple hypotheses, which equally well describe your data, don't discard any of them, keep all of them around, you never know. And you can put that together and say, okay, I have a bias towards simplicity, but it don't rule out the larger models. And technically what we do is, we weigh the shorter models higher and the longer models lower. And you use a Bayesian techniques, you have a prior, and which is precisely two to t
 out. It's kind of fun. I mean, the coffee cup is an example of that too. So I find that these sort of everyday introspections are actually quite helpful. It doesn't mean you can ignore the science. I mean, I spend hours every day reading ridiculously complex papers. That's not nearly as much fun, but you have to sort of build up those constraints and the knowledge about the field and who's doing what and what exactly they think is happening here. And then you can sit back and say, okay, let's try to piece this all together. Let's come up with some, I'm very, in this group here, people, they know they do, I do this all the time. I come in with these introspective ideas and say, well, have you ever thought about this? Now watch, well, let's all do this together. And it's helpful. It's not, as long as you don't, all you did was that, then you're just making up stuff. But if you're constraining it by the reality of the neuroscience, then it's really helpful. So let's talk a little bit about deep learning and the successes in the applied space of neural netwo
ut when you communicate to others, you have to say this person in this book said that. So it's the same thing with like Andrew Huberman is masterful at this. This is important academia, remembering the authors of a paper and the title of the paper as part of remembering the idea. And I've been feeling the cost of not being able to naturally remember those things. And so that's something I need to sort of work on, but that's an example. Are you good with faces? Yes, very good at faces. But not good with names. So I am exactly like you. And there is an understanding of that in the brain too. We understand that there is partitioning of those in terms of the territory of the brain that takes care of faces and facts and places and that they can be separate. So I will never forget a face, but as I said, I usually forget very little, but for some reason, names are a struggle. I think in some ways, because I'm probably just a slightly anxious person. So when you first meet someone, which is usually the time when a name is introduced, you were sa
climate change by himself. So this is an interesting philosophical exploration of how to solve climate change from a perspective that's perhaps different than we've been thinking about. I wouldn't use the word solve, but let's say ameliorate the temporary effects. But please. Take on. Yeah. Take on the challenge. So it's very interesting, but as, so there's a gradual nature to this process. And I mean, just like in your book, the power of innovation is something that has saved us quite a few times in history. So what role does that play in this gradual process? Right. So ultimately we don't solve the problem until we get the CO2 out of the atmosphere. But that is going to take a while. We're still adding more. We haven't even started to reduce the amount. So there's two possibilities inside to interrupt is reduce the amount that we're putting in the atmosphere and two is removing what we got in the atmosphere. We have to do both. Right. And those are two different kind of efforts in terms of like what's involved. Because it stays up there. So I t
 the early universe will probably be of a much longer wavelength than LIGO is capable of sensing, so there's a beautiful project that's contemplated to put lasers in different locations in the solar system. We really, really separate it by solar system scale differences, like artificial planets or moons in different places and see the tiny motions of those relative to one another as a signal of radiation from the Big Bang. We can also maybe indirectly see the imprint of gravitational waves from the early universe on the photons, the microwave background radiation. That is our present way of seeing into the earliest universe, but those photons interact much more strongly with matter. They're much more strongly processed, so they don't give us directly such an unprocessed view of the early universe, of the very early universe, but if gravitational waves leave some imprint on that as they move through, we could detect that too, and people are trying, as we speak, working very hard towards that goal. It's so exciting to think about a 
es in our, um, thinking and our way of life over the last few centuries that are explosive compared to anything that came before and David sort of verges on classifying this as like a force of nature in its potential transformative power. If we keep going, um, you know, we could, uh, you know, if we figure out how to colonize the universe like you were talking about earlier, how to spread to other star systems, um, then it is effectively a force of nature. This kind of drive to understand more and more and more, deeper and deeper and deeper and to engineer stuff so that we can understand even more. Yeah. Yeah. It's the, well, it's the old, the universe created us to understand itself. Maybe that's the, uh, the whole purpose. Yeah. It is an interesting peculiar side effect of the way we've been created is we seem to be conscious beings. We seem to have little egos. We seem to, uh, be born and die pretty quickly. There's a bunch of drama. We're all within ourselves pretty unique and we fall in love and start wars and there's hate and all the, the fu
n a synagogue. And I actually had responded in that district and he knew 114 would run into Borough Park. Oh yeah, I see Tyler, oh, they come down the street. And he asked me to tell him the story and I did. And he started laughing and he scared me now. I says, Doc, am I really crazy? He said, no, no. He said, I believe you, my friend. He said, we share the same God. He goes, we work in the same corporation, but in different departments. And he says, you did see your mother in law. He says, your faith is that strong. He said, I've had many patients express the same sentiments. He said, so I want you to listen to her and fight and be strong. And he said, so what else do you want to talk about? I said, well, I don't know, Doc, am I that messed up? He goes, no, no. He goes, they're paying me for an hour. It only took 20 minutes. So we watched the Yankee game together and that's less. But it was just, again, it showed the human condition. Here's these two men of two totally different faiths. And yet we shared that bond of faith. And he had empathy and he had sympathy. And
 to head over to the first Iraqi war and we went out for desert warfare training and then it ended. I was at that time a combat medic assigned to an armored cav unit. So basically tanks driving around an armored personnel carrier and when it gets hit, then you tend to that guy, try to save his life. I didn't wanna go. I may sound like a coward, I did not wanna go to war. I would have went willingly if I was sent to defend my country, I took my oath. I didn't join the military to kill, but if necessary, I would. I'll use the analogy of cancer. If you have a cancer and you're aware of its presence and you don't annihilate those cells and take them out quickly, it's gonna spread and it's gonna kill you. Those evil bastards that flew those airplanes, one of those airplanes had a little three year old child in it from Ireland where my mom's hometown. A friend of mine who since died of a heart attack from 9 11 toxins, he found her shoe with human remains in it. And he thought someone was messing with us because we didn't know there was any kids i
t Alzheimer's disease. So we can have a cell level predictor of pathology that allows us to now create a temporal time course that tells us when every gene turns on along this pathology progression and then trace that across regions and pathological measures that are region specific, but also cognitive measures and so on and so forth. So that allows us to now sort of for the first time, look at can we actually do early intervention for Alzheimer's where we know that the disease starts manifesting for 10 years before you actually have your first cognitive loss. Can we start seeing that path to build new diagnostics, new prognostics, new biomarkers for this sort of early intervention in Alzheimer's? The other aspect that we're looking at is mosaicism. We talked about the common variants and the rare variants, but in addition to those rare variants as your initial cell that forms the zygote divides and divides and divides, with every cell division there are additional mutations that are happening. So what you end up with is your 
igin of black holes might be quite different depending on how they happen. They just have to in the end have a gravitational field that will bend everything in. How do you feel about black holes as a human being? There's this thing that's nearly infinitely dense, doesn't let light escape. Isn't that kind of terrifying? It feels like the stuff in nightmares. I think it's an opportunity. To do what exactly? So like the early universe is an opportunity. If we can study the early universe, we can learn things like I told you. And here again, we have an embarrassing situation in physics. We have two wonderful theories of physics, one based on quantum mechanics, quantum field theory. And we can go to a big accelerator like at CERN and smash particles together and almost explain anything that happens beautifully using quantum field theory and quantum mechanics. Then we have another theory of physics called general relativity, which is what we've been talking about most of the time, which is fantastic at describing the things at high velociti
his is public, came out, I think, six years ago, where you could ask any question and the release product, which I think is still on the market, it would read 200,000 books. And then find the one sentence in 200,000 books that best answered your question. And it's actually quite interesting. You can ask all kinds of questions and you get the best answer in 200,000 books. But I was also able to take it and not go through 200,000 books, but go through a book that I put together, which is basically everything my father had written. So everything he had written, I had gathered, and we created a book, everything that Frederick Herzog had written. Now, I didn't think this actually would work that well because stuff he had written was stuff about how to lay out. I mean, he directed choral groups and music groups, and he would be laying out how the people should, where they should sit and how to fund this and all kinds of things that really didn't seem that interesting. And yet, when you ask a question, it would go through it and it would actually give you a very good ans
xpected ways, we are thinking that is a much better system of discovery than us exercising intuitions. And it's interesting, we're also seeing a few neuroscientists who have been talking to us. While I was speaking to this one young associate professor, and I approached a conversation and said, hey, we have these five data streams that we're pulling off. When you hear that, what weighted value do you add to each data source? Which one do you think is going to be valuable for your objectives and which one's not? And he said, I don't care, just give me the data. All I care about is my machine learning model. But importantly, he did not have a theory of mind. He did not come to the table and say, I think the brain operates in this way and these reasons or have these functions. He didn't care, he just wanted the data. And we're seeing that more and more that certain people are devaluing human intuitions for good reasons, as we've seen in machine learning over the past couple years. And we're doing the same in our value creation market strategy. 
's a very powerful thing to it being so easy to just put on that you could scale much easier. If you think about that second thing you said about the science of the brain, most, we've done a pretty good job, like we, the human race has done a pretty good job figuring out how to quantify the things around us from distant stars to calories and steps and our genome. So we can measure and quantify pretty much everything in the known universe except for our minds. And we can do these one offs if we're going to get an fMRI scan or do something with a low res EEG system, but we haven't done this at population scale. And so if you think about human thought or human cognition is probably the single law, largest raw input material into society at any given moment is our conversations with ourselves and with other people. And we have this raw input that we can't, that haven't been able to measure yet. And if you, when I think about it through that frame, it's remarkable, it's almost like we live in this wild, wild West of unquantified communica
t can be anything. It can be a banana, it can be food stuff, it can be any kind of good. As long as I acquire the good with the purpose of passing it on to you, not for the purpose of me consuming it or using it, then that's a medium of exchange. So when we look at the entirety of human society of millions of billions of people, you think of them, just a bunch of individuals running around. I love the term coincidence of wants. So each one of them, it's like a stochastic system. They have desires, it's like a random collection of desires, somehow rooted in our evolutionary history, but mostly random in terms of preference of banana or apple, that kind of thing. And then they also have the capacity for competence and excellence in particular kind of labor. So like specialization, they're able to be like incredible at a particular set of tasks. So there's a bunch of ants running around with consciousness and intelligence, and they have desires and they have capabilities. And then there's a coincidence of both the wants they have and the ca
ke, there's bigger fish and smaller fish and it's fascinating to think that you could have neural networks competing against each other in one neural network being able to destroy another one. There's like wars of neural networks competing to solve the MNIST problem, I don't know. Yeah, yeah. Oh, totally, yeah, yeah, yeah. And we actually simulated also that prey and it was interesting what happened there, Padmini Rajagopalan did this and Kay Holkamp was a zoologist. So we had, again, we had simulated hyenas, simulated zebras. Nice. And initially, the hyenas just tried to hunt them and when they actually stumbled upon the zebra, they ate it and were happy. And then the zebras learned to escape and the hyenas learned to team up. And actually two of them approached in different directions. And now the zebras, their next step, they generated a behavior where they split in different directions, just like actually gazelles do when they are being hunted. They confuse the predator by going in different directions. That emerged and then more hyenas
 presence of the earth, the earth and the apple. The presence of the earth affects the space around it, just like the bowling ball on the trampoline. Yeah. This doesn't make me feel better. I'm referring from the perspective of an ant walking around on that trampoline. Then some guy just dropped a ball and then not only dropped the ball, right? It's not just dropping a bowling ball. It's making the ball go up and down or doing some kind of oscillation thing where it's like waves. And that's so fundamentally different from the experience on being on flatland and walking around and just finding delicious, sweet things as ant does. And it just feels like to me from a human experience perspective, completely, it's humbling. It's truly humbling. It's humbling, but we see that kind of phenomenon all the time. Let me give you another example. Imagine that you walk up to a still pond. Yes. Okay. Now I throw, you throw a rock in it, what happens? The rock goes in, sinks to the bottom, fine. And these little ripples go out and they travel out. That's exactly
that they're incapacitated in some way, probably dead or gone because I can't believe the, I don't believe any human being would have this level of self control to not get into, not want to meddle with their invention so much, even if they, they might have had the self control to like mine the first million coins to get the network going and then throw away the coins or send them to an address that they don't have the key to because they really just wanted the network to take off. They may have no access to the coins and that's why they can't move them. I could see that happening, but I find it harder to believe that they would resist the temptation to mess with the network. You know, it's funny, I find that the founders of ideas are often principled and have the integrity that the eventual users of those ideas don't fully have. I tend to, you know, we have the kind of cynical view, power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely. And we tend to, in our mind, generalize that all humans are corruptible. And perhaps that's true to some 
that's the timescales of activities of neurons. But if you wanna get in longer timescales, then it's more memory. And we have to invoke those memories to say, oh yes, well now I can remember what I had for breakfast because I stored that someplace. I may forget it tomorrow, but I'd store it for now. So does memory also need to have, so the hierarchical aspect of reality is not just about concepts, it's also about time? Do you think of it that way? Yeah, time is infused in everything. It's like you really can't separate it out. If I ask you, what is your, you know, how's the brain learn a model of this coffee cup here? I have a coffee cup and I'm at the coffee cup. I say, well, time is not an inherent property of the model I have of this cup, whether it's a visual model or a tactile model. I can sense it through time, but the model itself doesn't really have much time. If I asked you, if I said, well, what is the model of my cell phone? My brain has learned a model of the cell phone. So if you have a smartphone like this, and I said, well, this has time
 well being benefits of volunteering where people who volunteer tend to just feel happier about their lives and one of the suggested explanations is it because it extends your reference class. So no longer you comparing yourself to the Joneses who have their slightly better car because you realize that you know people in much worse conditions than you and so now, you know your life doesn't seem so bad. That's actually on the psychological level. One of the fundamental benefits of effective altruism. Yeah is is I mean, I guess it's the altruism part of effective altruism is exposing yourself to the suffering in the world allows you to be more. Yeah happier and actually allows you in the sort of meditative introspective way realize that you don't need most of the wealth you have to to be happy. Absolutely. I mean, I think effective options have been this huge benefit for me and I really don't think that if I had more money that I was living on that that would change my level of well being at all. Whereas engaging in something 
e goals. And you can go probably pretty far with that relatively simple setup already, but to call it a theory of mind, I don't think you need to. I mean, it doesn't matter whether the pedestrian has a mind, it's an object, and we can predict what we will do. And then we can predict what the states will be in the future and whether they are desirable states. Stay away from those that are undesirable and go towards those that are desirable. So it's a relatively simple functional approach to that. Where do we really need the theory of mind? Maybe when you start interacting and you're trying to get the other agent to do something and jointly, so that you can jointly, collaboratively achieve something, then it becomes more complex. Well, I mean, even with the pedestrians, you have to have a sense of where their attention, actual attention in terms of their gaze is, but also there's this vision science, people talk about this all the time. Just because I'm looking at it doesn't mean I'm paying attention to it. So figuring out what is the person l
ly going to bring about a flourishing society. And if it's the former, then well, effective altruism is all about promoting the idea of altruism and saying, in fact, we ought to really be trying to help others as much as possible. So it's opposed there. And then on the second side, I would just dispute the empirical premise. It would seem, given the major problems in the world today, it would seem like this remarkable coincidence, quite suspicious, one might say, if benefiting myself was actually the best way to bring about a better world. So on that point, and I think that connects also with career selection that we'll talk about, but let's consider not objectives, but capitalism. And the idea that you focusing on the thing that you are damn good at, whatever that is, may be the best thing for the world. Part of it is also mindset, right? The thing I love is robots. So maybe I should focus on building robots and never even think about the idea of effective altruism, which is kind of the capitalist notion. Is there any value in that idea i
there were an audience that might read this stuff because that's a necessary constraint that helps me do a better job. What's the, this might be a tricky question to answer, what comes to mind as a particularly beautiful thing that you're proud of that you created inside Mathematica visualization wise or something that just comes to memory if it's possible to retrieve? So the thing I've spent the most amount of time on is I got obsessed a long time ago, was trying to tile the globe with hexagons. Yes. And. An actual globe? Well, any spherical. Any spherical. Okay. But with an eye towards putting it on the earth. And so, and have it be recursive. So you can have hexagons within hexagons, which is hard because and probably a bad idea because you can't tile a hexagon with smaller hexagons. They don't, they stick out. Got it. So they're, oh, they stick out. So there's a, can you do some kind of fractal hexagon situation? Yeah. Yeah. So it's that and people who know me are always, now make fun of me for this. So they'll send me, if they see a picture with
at some perturbation in the genome results in some obvious major dysfunction in the cell. You're trying to find something like that. Exactly. So what does human genetics do? Human genetics basically looks at the whole path from genetic variation all the way to disease. So human genetics has basically taken thousands of Alzheimer's cases and thousands of controls matched for age, for sex, for environmental backgrounds and so on and so forth. And then looked at that map where you're asking, what are the individual genetic perturbations and how are they related to all the way to Alzheimer's disease? And that has actually been quite successful. So we now have more than 27 different loci, these are genomic regions that are associated with Alzheimer's at these end to end level. We have an Alzheimer's and neurodegeneration focus on Huntington's disease, ALS and, you know, AD related disorders like frontotemporal dementia and Lewy body dementia. And of course, a huge focus on Alzheimer's. We have a metabolic focus on the role of exercise and die
stion, but there's mutation and variation, I guess that happens there. And you're saying that they're through this, if we focus in on individual cells, we're able to detect the story that's interesting there, and that might be a very unique kind of important variability that arises for, you said neuronal or something that would sound... Energetics. Energetics, sounds like a cool term. So, I mean, the metabolism of humans is dramatically altered from that of nearby species. We talked about that last time that basically we are able to consume meat that is incredibly energy rich, and that allows us to sort of have functions that are meeting this humongous brain that we have. So basically on one hand, every one of our brain cells is much more energy efficient than our neighbors, than our relatives. Number two, we have way more of these cells. And number three, we have this new diet that allows us to now feed all these needs. That basically creates a massive amount of damage, oxidative damage from this huge super powered factory of ideas and th
lf, on the other hand, the greater self that butts up against the divine ground believes that death is not real, that time and space are not real, that the gods travel swift as thought. And the ego also believes that, I mean, the self believes that there's no difference between you and me, that we're all one. If I hurt you, I hurt myself, karma, right? And in the world of the self, of the greater self, the dominant emotion is love, not fear. Now, so I think that, I'll go farther back here, a long way to answer your question. When Jesus died on the cross, or when the 300 Spartans willingly sacrificed their lives at Thermopylae, they were acting according to the rules of the self. Death is not real. No difference between you and me. Time and space are not real. Predominant emotion is love. So, in my opinion, we as conscious human vessels are in a struggle between these two things, the ego and the self. To me, resistance is the voice of the ego saying, and it's a fearful voice, because if, when we identify with the self, we move our consciousness over to 
ll get my pension and be able to live her life without fear. But my friends who are suffering from these advanced autoimmunes, their wives get nothing. Their pension dies with them. And we're hoping that John and his army can shame these politicians once again to have the kindness and decency to cover these autoimmunes. You know, they're throwing a lot of money around at a lot of things lately. And this is one that they won't. And these are lives in the balance who really need it. And John had this strong line. They did their jobs, do yours, talking to the politicians. Yeah. And it's a strong wake up call that it's not about the Twitter or the social media or all that kind of stuff. You have a job to do and you have to, it's that compassion implemented in the form of money of helping people that were there for you when you needed help. Well, we had a guy, I mean, I might get audited out of this one, I hope not, but we had a Congressman from out West, I won't say where, but he prided himself on saying he was a retired cop, a busy cop, 22 years. 
your back. If you're on your back, you're getting pinned. And back exposure or being pinned is pretty much the universal wrestling thing. One, taking the guy from their feet to the floor and two, pinning them. As you go from like, what is it? Cornish wrestling, Turkish oil wrestling, Mongolian, Sumo, Indian, well, they'll call it Palwani. It's also called Kushti, Jiu Jitsu, Judo. So many of them is like, there's a, you sombo, even if it doesn't end the match, it's still like one of the most important aspects of the competition itself, across almost every style. And this is where submission, like catch wrestling or submission wrestling or Jiu Jitsu feels different, which it seems like for most wrestling, for a lot of wrestling, the dominance is the goal, as opposed to submission, which I guess those are two are related, but dominating the position. So that's what pinning is. It's almost like breaking your opponent, like breaking through all of their defenses to where they're completely defenses and you could do anything with them that you want. Maybe that
't get into the detail, but grid cells can represent any n dimensional space. It's not inherently limited. You can think of it this way. If you had two dimensional, the way it works is you had a bunch of two dimensional slices. That's the way these things work. There's a whole bunch of two dimensional models, and you can just, you can slice up any n dimensional space with two dimensional projections. So, and you could have one dimensional models. So there's nothing inherent about the mathematics about the way the neurons do this, which constrain the dimensionality of the space, which I think was important. So obviously I have a three dimensional map of this cup. Maybe it's even more than that, I don't know. But it's clearly a three dimensional map of the cup. I don't just have a projection of the cup. But when I think about birds, or when I think about mathematics, perhaps it's more than three dimensions. Who knows? So in terms of each individual column building up more and more information over time, do you think that mechanism is well unders
im, he was in my group at Stanford at the time and Adam had run these experiments at Stanford showing that the bigger we train a learning algorithm, the better its performance. And it was based on that. There was a graph that Adam generated where the X axis, Y axis lines going up into the right. So the bigger you make this thing, the better its performance accuracy is the vertical axis. So it's really based on that chart that Adam generated that he gave me the conviction that you could scale these models way bigger than what we could on a few CPUs, which is where we had at Stanford that we could get even better results. And it was really based on that one figure that Adam generated that gave me the conviction to go with Sebastian Thrun to pitch starting a project at Google, which became the Google Brain project. The Brain, you go find a Google Brain. And there the intuition was scale will bring performance for the system. So we should chase a larger and larger scale. And I think people don't realize how groundbreaking of it. It
d with and that kind of thing it's a very hard search it's a people search problem yeah but I think when someone interviews you know at a university or the research lab or the large corporation it's good to insist on just asking who are the people who is my manager and if you refuse to tell me I'm gonna think well maybe that's because you don't have a good answer it may not be someone I like and if you don't particularly connect if something feels off with the people then don't stick to it you know that's a really important signal to consider yeah yeah and actually I actually in my standard class CS230 as well as an ACM talk I think I gave like a hour long talk on career advice including on the job search process and then some of these so you can find those videos online awesome and I'll point them I'll point people to them beautiful so the AI fund helps AI startups get off the ground or perhaps you can elaborate on all the fun things it's involved with what's your advice and how does one build a successful AI startup you kn
ve your wife and you can love your best friend, and they may fuck each other behind your back and as they fall in love too. But at the end of the day, your responsibility, your love has to be to the country and everyone else first and not your own personal wants, which, you know, made a much more interesting story when you have Carmen Berenna and oh, oh, what is that one? It's a German opera, but you know, and horses and slow mo and sword fights and an epic death scene between Arthur and his son. Okay, now I definitely have to watch it and Evan watched it and embarrassed me. It is John Boorman's second film in Hollywood, his first one being Point Blank with Lee Marvin, which is also on top, one of the upper echelon movies on my list, derived from a book called The Outfit by, what is his name? I forget, but Darwin Cook, the comic illustrator, Donald Westlake wrote, so Darwin Cook does an amazing comic book send up of Darwin Cook's novels and they are fucking incredible. So anyways, but the Point Blank with Lee Marvin, you know, it's a man dri
in the 50s and 60s, there was a period of time there when people maybe had unrealistic ideas about new technology and weren't sufficiently attentive to the possible downsides. So we got, and there's a reason why, I mean, in the mid 20th century, we saw antibiotics, we saw the polio vaccine, we saw just simple things like refrigerators in the home. My grandmother to her dying day called the refrigerator the ice box because when she grew up, it was a box with ice in it. So you see all that change and it's largely for the benefit of people. And so if somebody comes along and says, hey, we're going to build nuclear reactors to make energy or here's a new chemical called DDT that's going to kill mosquitoes, then it's easy to just buy into that and not be alert to the possible downsides. And of course, we know that the way that those early reactors were built and the way that the supply chain was built to create the fuel and deal with the waste was poorly thought out and we're still dealing with the resulting problems at places like Hanford in t
rity will happen on 2045? And maybe first, what is the singularity, the technological singularity, and when will it happen? Singularity is where computers really change our view of what's important and change who we are. But we're getting close to some salient things that will change who we are. A key thing is 2029, when computers will pass the Turing test. And there's also some controversy whether the Turing test is valid. I believe it is. Most people do believe that, but there's some controversy about that. But Stanford got very alarmed at my prediction about 2029. I made this in 1999 in my book. The Age of Spiritual Machines. Right. And then you repeated the prediction in 2005. In 2005. Yeah. So they held an international conference, you might have been aware of it, of AI experts in 1999 to assess this view. So people gave different predictions, and they took a poll. It was really the first time that AI experts worldwide were polled on this prediction. And the average poll was 100 years. 20% believed it would never happen. And that was the view in 1999. 80% believed it would hap
can't really be close enough to someone down the line of some of that next, like that 150 is 150, 150. And they just now all of a sudden become some guy, whatever. And when it comes to some guy, once it starts hitting scale, I don't know that it's capable. People can be as magnanimous to a stranger as to the known. If they orient themselves to be secure enough, because it does come to security, insecurity in one way or the other, either brought on by the unknown, brought on by an actual threat, brought on by even their own, as we would use the word insecurity in that their own insecurity within their own capabilities, their own belief in themselves, all these things can change things from being compassionate and what have you to at least at the very least, maybe not evil, but self interest driven to the point of a negative results for those that aren't, you know what I mean? Right. But another way to frame that is maybe it's less about scale and more about the amount of resources available. So if we're overflowing with resources in terms of secur
ould have been just a fundamental feature of the world. And at some level you just have to take it as it is. And if it's a beautiful, easily articulatable regularity, you could say that, okay, that's fine as a fundamental law of nature. But to say that it's approximately true, but not exactly, that's weird. So, and then, so there was great progress in the late part of the 20th century in getting to an understanding of fundamental interactions in general that shed light on this issue. It turns out that the basic principles of relativity and quantum mechanics, plus the kind of high degree of symmetry that we found, the so called gauge symmetry that characterizes the fundamental interactions, when you put all that together, it's a very, very constraining framework. And it has some indirect consequences because the possible interactions are so constrained. And one of the indirect consequences is that the possibilities for violating the symmetry between forwards and backwards in time are very limited. They're basically only two. And one of the
sease. So they said, and the mayor was quoted as saying, he is not a hero. Well, shame on you, Mr. Mayor. He was a hero. And his father, who was a retired police chief, married up with the Feel Good Foundation and John Stewart and Ray Pfeiffer, Detective Alvarez. And they got us all covered. But it took so long. Like it was so heartbreaking. These people who were lining up three deep politicians, three deep to catch a picture with a responder so they can tweet, hashtag never forget and hashtag look at me and hey, how am I doing? All that bull crap. They were nowhere to be freaking found. I literally witnessed them hiding in cloak rooms, running down hallways away from us, those freaking cowards. That's cowardice. Can I just linger on the John Stewart thing, the comedian, actor, John Stewart, his testimony before Congress over the benefits for 9 11 first responders. I mean, there's a lot of important human beings in the story, but he has a big voice. And he spoke from the heart. What do you make of that testimony? Oh, it was heartfelt. I mean, he spoke. 
 that's free, one that behaves well with the social. Viva la revolution. You want a socialist GPT3, you want an anarchist GPT3, you want a polite, like you take it home to visit mom and dad GPT3 and you want like party and like Vegas to a strip club GPT3, you want all flavors. And then you've gotta have goal alignment between all those. Yeah, they don't want to manipulate each other for sure. So that's, I mean, you kind of spoke to ethics. One of the concerns that people have in this modern world, the digital data is that of privacy and security. But privacy, they're concerned that when they share data, it's the same thing with you when we trust other human beings in being fragile and revealing something that we're vulnerable about. There's a leap of faith, there's a leap of trust that that's going to be just between us. There's a privacy to it. And then the challenge is when you're in the digital space then sharing your data with companies that use that data for advertisement and all those kinds of things, there's a hesitancy to share that much da
riers in one family, carriers versus non carriers in another family and do that for hundreds, sometimes thousands of families and then trace these inheritance patterns and then figure out what is the gene that plays that role. Is this the matrix that you're showing in talks or lectures? So that matrix is the input to those stuff that I show in talks. So basically that matrix has traditionally been strong effect genes. What the matrix looks like now is instead of pedigrees, instead of families, you basically have thousands and sometimes hundreds of thousands of unrelated individuals, each with all of their genetic variants and each with their phenotype, for example, height or lipids or, you know, whether they're sick or not for a particular trait. That has been the modern view instead of going to families, going to unrelated individuals with one phenotype at a time. And what we're doing now as we're maturing in all of these sciences is that we're doing this in the context of large medical systems or enormous cohorts that are very 
t on empiricism in Austrian school, so it isn't that the Austrians don't believe in data. On the contrary, it's that theory has to inform data. And in fact, if you think about it as the example of the stagflation of the 1970 shows, if you have stagflation, that just completely refutes the Keynesian model. The Austrian way of thinking, which is think from first principles, understand how the world actually works, think about how humans act and understand that economics is really all about human action. So it's not about aggregates of goods. This is really the key distinction in terms of methodology. For the Keynesians, it's physics envy. They look at the market economy, they look at individuals in the market economy, and they think that they can understand the market economy by looking at aggregates. This is really the key point of what I think makes a certain branch of economics pseudoscientific is the introduction of aggregates. When you introduce those aggregates, how much production takes place, how many people are unemployed, the percen
on, you have those skills to be very efficient in how you build these networks. So dive right in to play with the network, to train it, to do the inference on a particular data set, to build intuition about it without building it up too big to where you spend, like you said, six months learning, building up your big project without building any intuition of a small aspect of the data that could already tell you everything you need to know about that data. Yes, and also the systematic frameworks of thinking for how to go about building practical machine learning. Maybe to make an analogy, when we learn to code, we have to learn the syntax of some programming language, right? Be it Python or C++ or Octave or whatever. But the equally important or maybe even more important part of coding is to understand how to string together these lines of code into coherent things. So when should you put something in a function column? When should you not? How do you think about abstraction? So those frameworks are what makes a programmer efficien
limination of capitalism markets and the bourgeoisie, but was about the category citizen. It was about universal humanity where everyone in theory could be part of it as a citizen. The revolution fell short of its own ideals. Not everyone was a citizen. For example, if you didn't own property, you were a male but didn't own property. You didn't have full rights of a citizen. If you were a female, whether you own property or not, you weren't a full citizen. If you were imported from Africa against your will, you were a slave and not a citizen. And so not everyone was afforded the rights in actuality that were declared in principle. However, over time, the category citizen could expand and slaves could be emancipated and they could get the right to vote. They could become citizens. Nonproperty owning males could get the right to vote and become full citizens. Females could get the right to vote and become full citizens. In fact, eventually my mother was able to get a credit card in her own name in the 1970s without my father having to co si
le are always buying it. Fiat dollars have great salability because everybody's always buying and exchanging dollars for other goods. So if you have $100 bill, you can easily get rid of it and you'll get $100 worth of stuff for it. If you have $100 worth of stuff, it's harder to get rid of it. If you have $100 worth of phone, it's not as easy to spend it as a $100 bill. That's salability. What do you mean that Bitcoin, I understand that Bitcoin has the salability of gold across time. Better even, yeah. Better, yes, like on the order or whatever. And then it has the salability of fiat across space. What does that mean? So if you remember when you asked me what is the advantage of fiat, what is the advantage it offers us, it's cheaper to move fiat across space than it is to move gold. With the current fiat monetary system, for all of its flaws, you can send money, I could send money from my bank account in the US to a bank account in China in a couple of days, or in Britain, in France, in a day or two, which is much faster than you could do with gold and much chea
a good feeling that you can't, you have to, in your mind, keep those distinct from the power of the idea to transform the world. And if you focus on the power of the idea, maybe a billion or billions of dollars don't matter as much. At least that's what I would like to believe. Perhaps, but what matters ultimately is that the thing works without him. The thing's worked for 11 years without him. And I think this is the really important thing. If they had stuck around for whatever reason and they had continued to meddle with it, it's not clear to me how decentralized it could have been. This is the problem with the other currencies. It's like, how do you lose control of the Frankenstein that you've created? The only way that this Frankenstein continues to survive is if the person in charge of it continues to feed it. And so it continues to be yours. And that's the problem with all the other digital currencies. If you've heard about any of the other 16,000 digital currencies out there, you've only heard about it because there's a small group of peopl
ler espouses is saying, not just the fact that sleep helps you increase the creativity, but turn it into a process. Like literally, like don't do it accidentally. Like an athlete does certain things to optimize their performance. They have a training routine. They have a regimen of like cycling and sprints and long distance stuff. In the same way, thinking about your job as an idea generator in the engineering space is like, this is good for my performance. So like for an hour before bed, think through a problem like every night and then use sleep to work through that problem. I mean, he's the first person that I heard like of the people I really respect that do like what I do, which is like programming engineering type work, like using sleep, not accidentally, but with a purpose, like using sleep. That's just basically the difference between, as you said, a passive approach to it versus an active deterministic or hope for a deterministic approach to it. In other words, that you are actually trying to harness the power of sleep in a de
it is stranger than we can think. Thank you for listening and hope to see you next time. let it out. And this is called general relativity. It's a new theory of gravity. 1915. In 1916, Einstein wrote a little paper where he did not do some fancy derivation. Instead, he did what I would call he used his intuition, which he was very good at too. And that is he noticed that if he wrote the formulas for general relativity in a particular way, they looked a lot like the formulas for electricity and magnetism. Being Einstein, he then took the leap that electricity and magnetism, we discovered only 20 years before that in the 1880s, have waves. Of course, that's light and electromagnetic waves, radio waves, everything else. So he said, if the formulas look similar, then gravity probably has waves too. That's such a big leap, by the way. I mean, maybe you could go back to the 1880s, maybe you can correct me, but that just seems like a heck of a leap. Yeah. And it was considered to be a heck of a leap. So first that paper was, except for this intuition, was poorly written
 many people would say, but I'm not modest in this question. So the informal version, which I worked out together with Shane Lack, who cofounded DeepMind, is that intelligence measures an agent's ability to perform well in a wide range of environments. So that doesn't sound very impressive. And these words have been very carefully chosen and there is a mathematical theory behind that and we come back to that later. And if you look at this definition by itself, it seems like, yeah, okay, but it seems a lot of things are missing. But if you think it through, then you realize that most, and I claim all of the other traits, at least of rational intelligence, which we usually associate with intelligence, are emergent phenomena from this definition. Like creativity, memorization, planning, knowledge. You all need that in order to perform well in a wide range of environments. So you don't have to explicitly mention that in a definition. Interesting. So yeah, so the consciousness, abstract reasoning, all these kinds of things are just emergent pheno
don't even think about this. You just walk in a room and you don't say, oh, I looked at the chair and I looked at the board and looked at that word on the board and I looked over here, what's going on, right? So what percent of your day are you deeply aware of this? And what part can you actually relax and just be Jeff? Me personally, like my personal day? Yeah. Unfortunately, I'm afflicted with too much of the former. Well, unfortunately or unfortunately. Yeah. You don't think it's useful? Oh, it is useful, totally useful. I think about this stuff almost all the time. And one of my primary ways of thinking is when I'm in sleep at night, I always wake up in the middle of the night. And then I stay awake for at least an hour with my eyes shut in sort of a half sleep state thinking about these things. I come up with answers to problems very often in that sort of half sleeping state. I think about it on my bike ride, I think about it on walks. I'm just constantly thinking about this. I have to almost schedule time to not think about this stuff bec
s all the, if you haven't read it in recent years, I had read it before, of course, but to read it during this, because it's about a plague. So it's really fantastic to read down. But that reminds me of, he was a great existentialist, but the beginning of existential literature was Dostoevsky. Dostoevsky, yeah. So in addition to his own great novels, he had a tremendous impact on literature. And there's also for Dostoevsky, unlike most other existentialists, he was at least in part religious. I mean, religiosity permeated his idea. I mean, one of my favorite books of his is The Idiot, which is a Christlike figure in there. Well, there's Prince Mishkin, is that his name? Prince Mishkin, yeah. Yeah, Mishkin. Yeah, Mishkin. Yeah. That's one thing about, you read it in English, I presume. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So the names, that's what gets a lot of people. There's so many names, so hard to pronounce. You have to remember all of them. It's like you have the same problem. But he was a great character. I kind of have a connection with him, because I often, the title of the 
quation is his claim that what underlies our affection for charismatic populist leaders, good and bad, is death anxiety. All right, now, here's where we come in, we're egghead experimental researchers. Becker wrote this book, The Denial of Death, and he couldn't get a job. People just dismiss these ideas as fanciful speculation for which there's no evidence. And you've done some good experiments. Yeah, here's where I can be more cavalier, and where what I would urge people, like what you said, Lex, is ignore my histrionic and polemic language, if possible, and step back, if you can, myself included, and let's just consider the research findings. Because in September 11, 2001, people that are old enough to remember that horrible day, two days before, George W. Bush had the lowest approval rating in the history of presidential polling. All right, three weeks later, after he said, we will rid the world of the evildoers, and then a week or two after that, he said in a cover story on Time magazine that he believed that God had chosen him to lead the world duri
he meaning of this whole thing of life? Why the hell are we here, Brian Johnson? We've been talking about brains and studying brains and you had this very eloquent way of describing life on Earth as an optimization problem of the cost of intelligence going to zero. At first through the evolutionary process and then eventually through building, through our technology, building more and more intelligent systems. You ever ask yourself why is doing that? Yeah, I think the answer to this question, again, the information value is more in the mirror it provides of that person, which is a representation of the technological, social, political context of the time. So if you ask this question a hundred years ago, you would get a certain answer that reflects that time period. Same thing would be true of a thousand years ago. It's rare, it's difficult for a person to pull themselves out of their contextual awareness and offer a truly original response. And so knowing that I am contextually influenced by the situation, that I am a mirror for our
 what happens. I mean, there's a disturbance, which is these, say, the bowling ball or black holes. And then the ripples that go out in the water, they're not, they don't have any, they don't have the rock, any part, pieces of the rock. See, the thing is, I guess what's not disturbing about that is it's a, I mean, I guess a flat two dimensional surface that's being disturbed. Like for a three dimensional surface, a three dimensional space to be disturbed feels weird. It's even worse. It's four dimensional because it's space and time. Time, yeah. So that's why you need Einstein is to make it four dimensional. To make it okay? No, to make it. To make it four dimensional? Yeah. Yeah, to take the same phenomenon and look at it in all of space and time. Anyway, luckily for you and I and all of us, the amount of distortion is incredibly small. So it turns out that if you think of space itself, now this is going to blow your mind too, if you think of space as being like a material, like this table, it's very stiff. You know, we have materials that are very pliable, ma
on to read house numbers from basic street view images to more accurately locate houses within Google Maps so improve the quality of geodata and it was only after those two successes that I then started a more serious conversation with the Google Ads team and so there's a ripple effect that you showed that it works in these cases and then it just propagates through the entire company that this thing has a lot of value and use for us I think the early small scale projects it helps the teams gain faith but also helps the teams learn what these technologies do I still remember when our first GPU server it was a server under some guy's desk and you know and then that taught us early important lessons about how do you have multiple users share a set of GPUs which is really not obvious at the time but those early lessons were important we learned a lot from that first GPU server that later helped the teams think through how to scale it up to much larger deployments Are there concrete challenges that companies face th
 feel their arm. That not only feel it, they know it's there. It's there, I know it's there. They'll swear to you that it's there. And then they can feel pain in their arm and they'll feel pain in their finger. And if they move their non existent arm behind their back, then they feel the pain behind their back. So this whole idea that your arm exists is a model of your brain. It may or may not really exist. And just like, but it's useful to have a model of something that sort of correlates to things in the world. So you can make predictions about what would happen when those things occur. It's a little bit of a fuzzy, but I think you're getting quite towards the answer there. It's useful for the model to express things certain ways that we can then map them into these reference frames and make predictions about them. I need to spend more time on this topic. It doesn't bother me. Do you really need to spend more time? Yeah, I know. It does feel special that we have subjective experience, but I'm yet to know why. I'm just personally curious. It's no
ink it's nowhere near that bad, man. What were you doing? It's not that bad at all. So to gain firstly, some rational understanding of my emotional state that's causing that insomnia was very helpful. The second thing was to keep regularity, just going to bed at the same time waking up. And here's an unconventional piece of sleep advice. After a bad night of sleep, do nothing. Don't wake up any later, don't go to bed any earlier, don't nap during the day, and don't drink any more coffee than you would otherwise. Because if you end up sleeping later into the morning, you're then not going to be tired at your normal time at night. So then you're gonna get into bed thinking, well, I had a terrible night of sleep last night. And yes, I slept in this morning to try and compensate, but I'm still gonna get to bed at my normal time. But now you get into bed and you haven't been awake for as long as you normally would. So you're not as sleepy as you normally would be. And so now you sit there lying in bed and it's another bad night. And the same thing is, if
at make us redefine, maybe rethink about the nature of life? Different levels of definition and goals there. I mean, at some level, artificial life can be considered multiagent systems that build a society that again, achieves a goal. And it might be robots that go into a building and clean it up or after an earthquake or something. You can think of that as an artificial life problem in some sense. Or you can really think of it, artificial life, as a simulation of life and a tool to understand what life is and how life evolved on earth. And like I said, in artificial life conference, there are branches of that conference sessions of people who really worry about molecular designs and the start of life, like I said, primordial soup where eventually you get something self replicating. And they're really trying to build that. So it's a whole range of topics. And I think that artificial life is a great tool to understand life. And there are questions like sustainability, species, we're losing species. How bad is it? Is it natural? Is there 
orary understanding of human nature, which is that we are both selfish and tend to cooperate. And we also can be heroically helpful to folks in our own tribe. And of course, how you define one's tribe becomes critically important. But what some people say is, look, look, what would then be, what kind of political institutions and what kind of economic organization can we think about to kind of hit that sweet spot? And that would be, in my opinion, how do we maximize individual autonomy in a way that fosters creativity and innovation and the self regard that comes from creative expression while engaging our more cooperative and reciprocal tendencies in order to come up with a system that is potentially stable over time? Because the other thing about all capital based systems is the stability. It's fundamentally unstable. Yeah, because it's based on infinite growth. And it's a positive feedback loop. To be silly, infinite growth is only good for malignant cancer cells and compound interest. But otherwise, we want to seek a steady state
 and overcoming in the face of tragedy. Yes, like I felt that even though obviously his loss was still huge, it just made it a little more bearable and, you know, tried to just take his grief down to a lower level and it made me feel, just feel really good about doing it. That's a powerful way to see the job of a first responder. Of course, you have to deal with certain aspects of the tragedy, but it's to provide somebody with that moment of compassion. Yeah, and you know, I made it a little habit because sometimes with faith, it's a little bit of a tricky subject. So every time I had someone who died, which unfortunately was many, many times, I would just touch their hand and just say a little quick prayer and just say, look, you know, I hope you're moving on to a better place. I hope if you did have faith that it's strong as you depart and if you didn't have faith, I hope maybe at your last moment that you found some and you just found some closure. So that was just my little ritual, I think. I just, you know, I felt it was important that t
That's right. So maybe we can try to get back to you're both brilliant people. And I'd love to get some interesting disagreements earlier and later about in your psychological work and your world views. Well, our disagreements today would be along two dimensions. One is he is and again, I wish he was here to correct me. Yes. When I say that he is more committed to the virtues of the Judeo Christian tradition, I see particularly Christianity and in a sense is a contemporary Kierkegaard of sorts when he's saying there's only one way to leap into faith. And I would take ardent issue with that claim on the grounds that that is one, but by no means not the only way to find meaning and value in life. And so and I see his. What's his warm at the core? What is like? So we're talking about a little bit of a higher level of discovering meaning. Yeah. What's his? What does he make of death? Oh, I don't know. And this is where it would be nice to have him here. He has, you know, from a distance criticized our work as misguided. Having said that, though, wh
ney is always whatever is the hardest thing to make. Historically, I think we see many examples of that. So for instance, in prison, people use cigarettes as money because nobody can make cigarettes in prison. In societies, we have the example of Yap Island, for instance, it's an island that doesn't have any limestone but there's a nearby island that has a lot of limestone. And it's very expensive obviously with primitive technology to move limestone from Palau to Yap. So on Yap, limestones were money. Seashells, rare seashells that are not easy to find end up serving as money in places where they're rare. Glass beads were money in West Africa where there was no glass making technology because they were imported from abroad and they were very hard to make. And I think there's a conscious effort of some people might recognize the hardness and the scarcity and choose this as money. But I think what's more important is just a natural evolutionary process whereby people choose all kinds of random things as money, bananas maybe even. But t
 know, you're you're missing a big opportunity. Every time you say something, you have to have your phone and you have to film yourself and then you have to put it on YouTube. Yeah, he was onto something that, you know, that just as a small tangent. Yeah. It's it's almost sad to look at Jordan Peterson and somebody like yourself. After having done this podcast, I've realized that there is really brilliant people in this world. And oftentimes, especially like when they're, I mean, it would love are a little bit like punks. That's right. They kind of do their own thing and make the world doesn't know they exist as much as they should. And it's so interesting because most people are kind of boring. Yes. And then the interesting ones kind of go on their own. And there's not a smartphone. No, that's that's so interesting. He was onto something that I mean, it's interesting that I don't think he was thinking from a money perspective, but he was probably thinking of like connecting with people or sharing his knowledge. But people don't often think that way. 
't even want to think about it. And so it's horrible when wars break out in the humanitarian catastrophes. For example, Yemen and Syria and several other places I could name today. It's just horrible what you see there. And the scale is colossal for those places. But it's not planetary scale. And so avoiding planetary scale destruction is really important for us. And so having those different interests be somehow managed in a way that they don't, that no one sees advantage in a violent resolution. And a part of that is remembering history, so they should read your books. Stephen, thank you so much. It was a huge honor talking to you today. I really enjoyed it. Thank you for the opportunity. My pleasure. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Stephen Kotkin. A thank you to our presenting sponsor, Cash App. Download it and use code LexPodcast. You'll get $10 and $10 will go to FIRST, a STEM education nonprofit that inspires hundreds of thousands of young minds to become future leaders and innovators. If you enjoy this podcast, subscribe on
And you see that whole development process. It can definitely enrich, expand your ability to be empathetic. Let me ask about diet. So what's the connection between diet and sleep? So I do intermittent fasting, sometimes only one meal a day, sometimes no meals a day. Is there a good science on the interaction between fasting and sleep? We have some data, I would prefer more, but we have data both on time restricted eating and then we have some data on fasting to a degree. On time restricted eating, I think that it has some benefits, although the human replication studies have actually not borne out quite the same health benefit extent that the animal studies have. There've been some disappointing studies, one here close to where we are right now at UCSF recently. So I think time restricted eating can be a good thing and there are many benefits of time restricted eating. Is sleep one of them? No, it doesn't seem to be because there are probably at the time that we're recording this, three pretty decent studies that I'm aware of. Two out 
echnology in terms of, some of the technology we see like the internet allows us to make those pivots easier, allows later life education possible. It makes it possible. I don't know. And your earlier point about loneliness being this fundamental human problem, which I would agree with strongly, UBI, if it's at a high level, will make that worse. I mean, say UBI were higher enough, you could just sit at home. People are not gonna be happy. They don't actually want that. And we've relearned that in the pandemic. Yeah, the flip side, the hope with UBI is you have a little bit more freedom to find the thing that alleviates your loneliness. That's the idea. So it's kind of an open question. If I give you a million dollars or a billion dollars, will you pursue the thing you love? Will you be more motivated to find the thing you love, to do the thing you love, or will you be lazy and lose yourself in the sort of daily activities that don't actually bring you joy, but pacify you in some kind of way where you just let the days slip by? That's the open
ality of switch in their lives, makes us a nation of weirdos and weirdos are creative. And Denmark is not a nation of weirdos. It's a wonderful place, you know, great for them. Ideally you want part of the world to be full of weirdos and innovating. And the other part of the world to be a little kind of chicken shit, risk averse and enjoy the benefit to the innovation and to give people these smooth lives and six weeks off and free ride. And everyone's like, oh, American way versus European way, but basically they're compliments. Yeah, that's fascinating. I used to have this conversation with my like parents when I was growing up and just others from the immigrant kind of flow. And they use this term, especially in Russian is, you know, to criticize something I was doing, that was suggest, you know, normal people don't do this. And I used to be really offended by that, but, you know, as I got older, I realized that that's a kind of compliment because in the same kind of, I would say, way that you're saying that is the American ideal, because if 
hat it isn't about trying to be anything that you cannot be or to go against who you are, but to actually understand that, accept that, and then work with what you can work with and create from your lump of clay that is you. Because I can't become... There's certain things that are just not gonna happen for me because it's not in my proclivity. I mean, I'm never gonna be five foot tall and 120 pounds, I mean, that again, I guess. But I know, as you get more in tune with who you are, as you start learning more about what unique things or at least what that combination that makes you, that gestalt part of yourself, what those things are and how you can use them, then you can work towards being that, taking what that is and seeing if you can get to that point. Now, the likelihood is, no, maybe, probably never. I mean, but we can never achieve Godhood yet. Religion is a constant striving and a look at a higher ideal concept. Even if it's multiple gods or one God, it's still essentially all built around this concept. I like the idea of Catholics origina
t, I think really I have two very simple goals. I want to try and democratize the science of sleep and in doing so, my goal would be to try and reunite humanity with the sleep that it is so desperately bereft of. And if I can do that through a number of different means, the podcast is a little bit different than this format. It's going to be short form monologues from yours truly that will last usually less than just 10 minutes. And I see it as simply a little slice of sleep goodness that can accompany your waking day. It's hard to know what is the right way to do science communication. Like your friend, mine, Andrew Huberman, he's an incredible human being. Oh gosh. So he does like two hours of, I wonder how many takes he does. I don't know, but it looks like he doesn't do any. Yeah, I suspect he's that magnificent of a human being. When I talk to him in like in person, he always generates intelligent words, well cited, nonstop for hours. So I don't. He's a Gatling gun of information and it's pristine. And passion and all those kinds of things. 
he limit on how much we consume is opportunity cost. Why don't you buy a Ferrari? Well, because that's really expensive and it would mean that, well, maybe you do have a Ferrari but I mean, most people don't buy a Ferrari because it's too expensive, they can't afford it. They'd have to work too hard to get it. And if they do get it, it might mean that they can't afford their house anymore. So we have to economize, that's a good thing. And we have to also think of the future. And so humans consume, we don't need more motivation to consume. We have to deal with the economic reality of the things that limit us from consuming more. So what Keynesians present is that when there is a problem in the economy, like there was after World War I, the problem is always caused by the inflation. And what the Keynesian hucksters do is that they look at the inflation, at the consequences of inflation and blame it on people not spending enough. When people are doing the rational thing, the money is, so there was inflation, caused an unsustainable boom, it cause
en it was coopted in mammalian systems that don't use anything like that as a targeting way to basically bring these DNA cutting enzymes to any locus in the genome. Why would you want to cut DNA to do anything? The reason is that our DNA has a DNA repair mechanism where if a region of the genome gets randomly cut, you will basically scan the genome for anything that matches and sort of use it by homology. So the reason why we're deployed is because we now have a spare copy. As soon as my mom's copy is deactivated, I can use my dad's copy. And somewhere else, if my dad's copy is deactivated, I can use my mom's copy to repair it. So this is called homologous based repair. So all you have to do is the cutting and you don't have to do the fixing. That's exactly right. You don't have to do the fixing. Because it's already built in. That's exactly right. But the fixing can be coopted by throwing in a bunch of homologous segments that instead of having your dad's version, have whatever other version you'd like to use. So you then control the fixi
 that God made the world round so that we couldn't see too far ahead. You just don't know as a writer or as a person, I never knew, my first book was A Legend of Bag of Ants. I hadn't, before that happened, I had no clue that I was gonna be writing anything like that on that subject, anything at all, no clue, until it just sort of came. And then when that was done, people said, well, you gotta write another one. I had no idea what it was, which was gonna be Gates of Fire, no clue. So if somebody had sat me down at the start of that and asked the question, I would have been crazy to have said it. So I just hope as the future unfolds, that I'm open to it. Well, I think I speak for a lot of people in saying that we look forward to what that future looks like. Stephen, thank you so much for talking today, it was fun. You got the best job in the world going around talking to people that you wanna talk to and that they will talk to you. So thank you for doing it. Hey, thank you for the great questions you made me think. I've certainly a bunch of que
d you go into war, you have the Miyamoto Musashi's of the world, right? The, I don't know, there's a, there's a poetry to that, that there's a mastery to that that I don't know if we could achieve with any other kind of martial art. Well the, one of the good, you were talking earlier about the, the, the good effects of the internet, social media that we sometimes overlook. And, and one of those is that, um, there were all these isolated people around the world who were interested in this, who found each other and kind of created a network of, of people who help each other learn these things. So that doesn't mean that anyone is, is up to the level of the you're talking about yet, but um, but it is happening and um, and so, um, there's a, a, a large number of old treatises, old written documents, uh, that have been dug up from libraries and, and people have been going over these and translating them from old dialects of Italian and German, um, to make sense of them and, and learning how to do these techniques with different, uh, different weapons. Um, actual
tinguished. But really there are edge cases like viruses and some people would like to say that electrons have consciousness. So you can't, if you really have fuzzy concepts, it's very hard to reach precise kinds of scientific answers. But I think there's a very fruitful question that's adjacent to it, which has been pursued in different forms for quite a while and is now becoming very sophisticated in reaching in new directions. And that is, what are the states of matter that are possible? So in high school or grade school, you learn about solids, liquids and gases, but that really just scratches the surface of different ways that are distinguishable, that matter can form into macroscopically different, meaningful patterns that we call phases. And then there are precise definitions of what we mean by phases of matter and that have been worked out fruitful over the decades. And we're discovering new states of matter all the time and kind of having to work at what we mean by matter. We're discovering the capabilities of matter to or
as a society can do. You can also think about external factors versus internal factors. So the external factors are basically communicable diseases like COVID, like the flu, et cetera. And the internal factors are basically things like cancer and Alzheimer's where basically your genetics will eventually drive you there. And then of course, with all of these factors, every single disease has both the genetic component and environmental component. So heart disease, huge genetic contribution, Alzheimer's, it's like 60% plus genetic. So I think it's like 79% heritability. So that basically means that genetics alone explains 79% of Alzheimer's incidents. And yes, there's a 21% environmental component where you could basically enrich your cognitive environment, enrich your social interactions, read more books, learn a foreign language, go running, you know, sort of have a more fulfilling life. All of that will actually decrease Alzheimer's, but there's a limit to how much that can impact because of the huge genetic footprint. So this is fascinating. So each on
 all like really excited about this wild thing. I mean, what do you think about those... First of all, like the millions of reports of UFOs, right? There's some psychology there that's deeply cultural, but also the possibility of aliens having visited Earth. Yeah, I mean, I'd like to see some better pictures. For the reason I mentioned earlier, having to do with the difficulty of traveling between star systems, it's really hard for me to believe it's aliens. I just can't understand why you would go to all that trouble to transport something across light years and then do what these UFOs are allegedly doing. Like how is that interesting? How does that justify the trip? So if you travel across those kinds of distances, you would make a bigger splash. First of all, I would expect that the arrival of these things would be something we'd notice. It's got to decelerate into our solar system unless it got here really, really, really slowly. So I guess that's a possibility and just kind of snuck in. So at the end, we would detect some kind of footprint 
people can get. And what if we just said those other few people are also artificial intelligences? How bad is that? In some sense they are, right? Yeah, they say already. I mean, Einstein wasn't a really normal person. He had a lot of weird quirks. And so did the other people who worked with him. So, you know, maybe they already were sort of this astral plane of intelligence that, we live with it already. It's not a problem. It's still useful and, you know. So do you think we are the only intelligent life out there in the universe? I would say that intelligent life has and will exist elsewhere in the universe. I'll say that. There was a question about contemporaneous intelligence life, which is hard to even answer when we think about relativity and the nature of space time. Can't say what exactly is this time someplace else in the world. But I think it's, you know, I do worry a lot about the filter idea, which is that perhaps intelligent species don't last very long. And so we haven't been around very long. And as a technological species, we've be
ve systematic terminology yet to describe some of the stuff we do because I think we're inventing it on the fly. So you mentioned some people are interested in discovering mathematical beauty and truth in the universe and you're interested in having a big positive impact in the world so let me ask the two are not inconsistent no they're all together I'm only half joking because you're probably interested a little bit in both but let me ask a romanticized question so much of the work your work and our discussion today has been on applied AI maybe you can even call narrow AI where the goal is to create systems that automate some specific process that adds a lot of value to the world but there's another branch of AI starting with Alan Turing that kind of dreams of creating human level or superhuman level intelligence is this something you dream of as well do you think we human beings will ever build a human level intelligence or superhuman level intelligence system? I would love to get to AGI and I think humanity will b
se we tried so many things and it just didn't work. In the end, what we did, and Adam Coles was crucial to this, was put cameras on the ground and use cameras on the ground to localize the helicopter. And that solved the localization problem so that we could then focus on the reinforcement learning and inverse reinforcement learning techniques so it didn't actually make the helicopter fly. And I'm reminded, when I was doing this work at Stanford, around that time, there was a lot of reinforcement learning theoretical papers, but not a lot of practical applications. So the autonomous helicopter work for flying helicopters was one of the few practical applications of reinforcement learning at the time, which caused it to become pretty well known. I feel like we might have almost come full circle with today. There's so much buzz, so much hype, so much excitement about reinforcement learning. But again, we're hunting for more applications of all of these great ideas that David Kuhnke has come up with. What was the drive sort of in the f
 experiment in physics anyway, it was conceivable if you had the right person to do it, and no one's been able to do it since. So I had the dream that that was what I was going to be like, Fermi. But you love both sides of it, the theory. Yeah, I never liked the idea that you did experiments without really understanding the theory, or the theory should be related very closely to experiments. And so I've always done experimental work that was closely related to the theoretical ideas. I think I told you I'm Russian, so I'm going to ask some romantic questions. But is it tragic to you that he's seen as the architect of the nuclear age, that some of his creations led to potentially, some of his work has led to potentially still the destruction of the human species, some of the most destructive weapons? Yeah, I think even more general than him, I gave you all the virtues of curiosity a few minutes ago. There's an interesting book called The Ratchet of Curiosity. A ratchet is something that goes in one direction. And that is written by a guy 
in chaos and giving into your passion and sometimes doing things that are out of the ordinary that are not trying to optimize health for certain periods of time in lieu of your passions is a signal to yourself that you're throwing everything away. So I think what you're referring to is how to have good performance for prolonged periods of time. I think there's moments in life where you need to throw all of that away, all the plans away, all the structure away. So I'm not sure I have an eloquent way describing exactly what I'm talking about, but it all depends on people, people are different, but there's a danger of over optimization to where you don't just give into the madness of the way your brain flows. I mean, to push back on my pushback is like, it's nice to have like where the foundations of your brain are not messed with. So you have a fixed foundation where the diet is fixed, where the sleep is fixed and that all of that is optimal and the chaos happens in the space of ideas as opposed to the space of biology. But I'm not s
e acknowledge. So zero principle thinking is playing with ideas that are so revolutionary that we can't even clearly reason about the consequences once those ideas come to be. Yeah, or for example, like Einstein, that was a zeroeth, I would categorize it as a zeroeth principle insight. You mean general relativity, space time. Yeah, space time, yep, yep. That basically building upon what Newton had done and said, yes, also, and it just changed the fabric of our understanding of reality. And so that was unexpected, it existed. We just, it became part of our awareness and the moves AlphaGo made existed. It just came into our awareness. And so to your point, there's this question of what do we know and what don't we know? Do we think we know 99% of all things or do we think we know 0.001% of all things? And that goes back to no known, no unknowns and unknown unknowns. And first principles and zero principle thinking gives us a quantitative framework to say, there's no way for us to mathematically try to create probabilities for these things. Therefore, it
hose humans inside the VR world, then you start to... Then you can... Okay, for example, you could do it in the physical world, the 3D printing, but you share it in the virtual world and that's where the source of happiness is. I think at least speaking for myself, I'm always thinking in terms of an audience and at some level I feel like I'm doing this for someone or communicating to someone, even if there's not a specific someone in mind, it could just be an abstract theoretical someone. And it's like another app I spend a lot of time in is Mathematica. Okay. Yeah. Incredible app. Yeah. Yeah. And when I do a Mathematica notebook, if I'm trying to figure something out, I spend a lot of time typing, just my stuff is just huge blocks of text, just me thinking out loud and then some graphs and calculations and stuff. Because to me, that act of explaining things and commenting helps me understand what I'm doing. And there's kind of an audience, amorphous audience in mind. Yeah. I mean, most of this stuff nobody will ever see and yet I'm creating it as if 
 just by willing it. How many months does it take before that happens? So the obvious answer is like very soon. There's probably a good answer for that because you can consider how many millionaires there are, how many you could look at that, right? Right. I have a sense that there's just people that have a million dollars. I mean, there's a certain amount, but have a million dollars, have other interests that will outweigh the interest of destroying an entire city. Like there's a particular, like, I mean, maybe that's a hope. It's why we should be nice to the wealthy too, right? Yeah. Yeah, all that trash talking as Bill Gates, we should stop that because that doesn't inspire the other future Bill Gates is to be nice to the world. That's true. But your sense is the cheaper it gets to destroy the world, the more likely it becomes. Now, when I say destroy the world, there's a trick in there. I don't think literally every human will die, but it would set back civilization by an extraordinary degree. It's then just hard to predict what comes next. But a
e same high. But then if they go cold turkey for some period of time, the system goes back to being more sensitive again. It starts to repopulate the surface of the cell with these receptors. But now when they reuse and they fall off the wagon, if they go back to the same dose that they were using before 10 weeks ago or three months ago, that dose can kill them. They can have an overdose. Even though they were using the same amount at those two different times, the difference is that it's not the dose of the drug, it's the sensitivity of the system. And that's the same thing that we see with caffeine. In terms of training the muscle, as it were, the system becomes less sensitive, can calibrate. Is there a time, the number of hours before bed, that's a safe bet to most people to recommend you shouldn't drink caffeine this many hours? Like, is there an average half life that you should be aiming at? Or is this advice kind of impossible because there's so much variability? There is huge variability. And I think everyone themselves to a degree
r, you can have machines that learn and they might learn patterns. And already say deep learning neural networks, they can learn to recognize objects, sounds, patterns that humans have trouble with. And sometimes they do it better than humans. And that's so fascinating. And now if you take that one more step, you get something like evolutionary algorithms that discover things, they create things, they come up with solutions that you did not think of. And that just blows me away. It's so great that we can build systems, algorithms that can be in some sense smarter than we are, that they can discover solutions that we might miss. A lot of times it is because we have as humans, we have certain biases, we expect the solutions to be certain way and you don't put those biases into the algorithm so they are more free to explore. And evolution is just absolutely fantastic explorer. And that's what really is fascinating. Yeah, I think I get made fun of a bit because I currently don't have any kids, but you mentioned programs. I mean, do you have k
nt systems. Some of them cut DNA, some of them cut RNA, but all of them remember this sort of viral attack. So what we have done now as a field is, you know, through the work of, you know, Jennifer Donne, Manuel Carpentier, Feng Zhang and many others is coopted that system of bacterial immune defense as a way to cut genomes. You basically have this guiding system that allows you to use an RNA guide to bring enzymes to cut DNA at a particular locus. That's so fascinating. So this is like already a natural mechanism, a natural tool for cutting those useful as particular context. And we're like, well, we can use that thing to actually, it's a nice tool that's already in the body. Yeah. Yeah. It's not in our body. It's in the bacterial body. It was discovered by the yogurt industry. They were trying to make better yogurts and they were trying to make their bacteria in their yogurt cultures more resilient to viruses. And they were studying bacteria and they found that, wow, this CRISPR system is awesome. It allows you to defend against that. And th
y interesting. In 1914, Britain joined World War I. And if you remember your history books, it's famous that this was called August Bank Holiday. It was just going to be a few weeks where the British troops were gonna go and kick European ass and come back triumphant. And most European countries believed that. But then the war kept on dragging on. And of course, to finance the war, the government, this is what they used to do under the gold standard, governments would issue bonds. So you'd issue the bonds, people would buy the bonds, the money would be used to finance the military, and then the government would pay off the bond over the next five or 10 or 20 years. So for World War I, the British government, the British treasury issued bonds for financing the war. And this only came to light in 2017. Only a third of the bonds were actually subscribed. So people, British people, and this is perhaps the greatest thing that they've ever done, they decided fighting a war in Europe is just not my ideal way of investing my capital. It's a stupid thing. Why 
 didn't exist before mammals. The only mammals have a neocortex, and in humans, in primates, it's very large. In the human brain, the neocortex occupies about 70 to 75% of the volume of the brain. It's huge. And the old parts of the brain are, there's lots of pieces there. There's the spinal cord, and there's the brain stem, and the cerebellum, and the different parts of the basal ganglia, and so on. In the old parts of the brain, you have the autonomic regulation, like breathing and heart rate. You have basic behaviors, so like walking and running are controlled by the old parts of the brain. All the emotional centers of the brain are in the old part of the brain, so when you feel anger or hungry, lust, or things like that, those are all in the old parts of the brain. And we associate with the neocortex all the things we think about as sort of high level perception and cognitive functions, anything from seeing and hearing and touching things to language to mathematics and engineering and science and so on. Those are all associated with the neoco
was submitted to Physical Review Letters, it was entitled, Do Gravitational Waves Exist? A very funny title to write 20 years after he proposed they exist. But it's because he had found these singularities, these infinities. And so the editor at that time, and the part of it that I don't know, is peer review. We live and die by peer review as scientists send our stuff out. We don't know when peer review actually started or what peer review Einstein ever experienced before this time. But the editor of Physical Review sent this out for review. He had a choice. He could take any article and just accept it. He could reject it, or he could send it for review. I believe the editors used to have much more power. Yeah, yeah. And he was a young man. His name was Tate. And he ended up being editor for years. So he sent this for review to a theoretical physicist named Robertson, who was also in this field of general relativity, who happened to be on sabbatical at that moment at Caltech. Otherwise, his institution was Princeton, where Einstein was. And 
y you can find. So I would say probably religion is your earliest one that you can get for written history or written examples of human behavior and psychology at the furthest that we can look into it from man's hand to whatever the medium is, cuneiform or whatever. But as you do that, and then let's say going from Mesopotamia to India to Europe and just going from all these places, as disparate as they may seem, as many different cultures and ethnicities and religions and how the religions will vary quite a bit from monotheist to polytheist and so on and so forth. But then just seeing how there's all the through lines. And of course, Campbell, he did this much earlier than me thinking about it. But I think that by looking at things that way and starting to find the threads instead of always just looking at everything as being its own compartmentalized concept as if it only applies to this time, this people, like getting overly pomo about it is just a really idiotic postmodern. So you think that there is, just like with Joseph
ing, but you could do better. No, he doesn't do that. But a lot of it is about genre and kind of the defining what genre you're working in. And I'm gonna get up here to just bring something over here for the camera. This was one where Sean tore this down and made me start from scratch. And what the specifics of it were really, this is a supernatural thriller. That's the genre. Sort of like Rosemary's Baby or The Exorcist. And what he showed me was that I had violated certain conventions of the genre. And you just can't do that. It's gotta be, it has to be done the right way. And so he pointed out certain things to me. So he must be a prolific reader himself too, actually. That's such a tough job of editor. Yeah. Again, he was sort of born to do that. He just kind of glommed onto it. But since he was his first job publishing cat thrillers, cat detective books, he studied how it works, what makes a story work, et cetera, et cetera. And so he really, he's great. And I think any really successful writer, unless they're utterly brilliant on their own, has 
 a civil war, and they're entrenched in the heart of the country already by 1921. Stalin is part of that group. Lenin needs somebody to run. This new regime in the kind of nitty gritty way, Lenin is the leader, the undisputed leader in the Bolshevik party, which changes their name to communists in 1918. He makes Stalin the general secretary of the communist party. He creates a new position, which hadn't existed before, a kind of day to day political manager, a right hand man. Not because Lenin is looking to replace himself. He's looking to institutionalize a helpmate, a right hand man. He does this in the spring of 1922. Stalin is named to this position, which Lenin has created expressly for Stalin. So there has been a coup on the left whereby the Bolsheviks who become communists have seized power against the rest of the socialists and anarchists and the entire left. And then there's an institutionalization of a position known as general secretary of the communist party, right hand man of Lenin. Less than six weeks after Lenin has created this po
 they care about economic theories about whether this works as money or not. They see their cousin escaped hyperinflation and managed to get a bigger house because they bought Bitcoin five years ago. They realized maybe I should stop mocking my cousin and start buying more Bitcoin. And this is, I think an indomitable force that's going to continue. And one thing, most Bitcoiners tend to lean toward an apocalyptic transition. Fiat's gonna collapse, we're gonna get hyperinflation, everything's gonna be terrible and then we're gonna move to Bitcoin. And I present the case for why I think maybe that might not be the case. Maybe we won't get this kind of apocalyptic scenario. And this was like the conclusion of the fiat standard, which is once you realize that mining fiat is creating debt and Bitcoin is allowing. So in order to have fiat money, we need to have people borrow. We need to have people make loans. And the problem that fiat money runs into today is that if you wanna save money, if you wanna hold savings, you have a problem. Wher
ff Bezos organizes. They brought it out there and it was nicely following around Jeff. When Jeff left the room, they had it follow him along, which is pretty impressive. So I think there's some confidence to know that there's no learning going on in those robots. The psychology of it, so while knowing that, while knowing there's not, if there's any learning going on, it's very limited. I met Spot Mini earlier this year and knowing everything that's going on, having one on one interaction, so I got to spend some time alone and there's immediately a deep connection on the psychological level. Even though you know the fundamentals, how it works, there's something magical. So do you think about the psychology of interacting with robots in the physical world? Even you just showed me the PR2, the robot, and there was a little bit something like a face, had a little bit something like a face. There's something that immediately draws you to it. Do you think about that aspect of the robotics problem? Well, it's very hard with Brad here. We'll give him a n
be can give us clues to how we bring to the embarrassment of having two theories of physics together. That's my own romantic idea. What's the worst that could happen? It's so enticing. Just go in and look. Do you think, how far are we away from figuring out the unified theory of physics, the theory of everything? What's your sense? Who will solve it? Like what discipline will solve it? Yeah. I think so little progress has been made without more experimental clues, as I said, that we're just not able to say that we're close without some clues. The most popular theory these days that might lead to that is called string theory. The problem with string theory is it solves a lot of beautiful mathematical problems we have in physics. It's very satisfying theoretically, but it has almost no predictive, maybe no predictive ability because it is a theory that works in 11 dimensions. We live in a physical world of three space and one time dimension. In order to make predictions in our world with string theory, you have to somehow get rid of these ot
ove thing, and everyone thinks it's the coolest thing ever. And I'm like, hey, fuck faces. I did this in 2002 or one, 2001, and BJ Penn actually back then was like, dude, you're a badass, you're a killer, you know? Where did that come from? Because that seems like a deeply human moment. I could say, I could just be, you know, goofy about it and call it orgiastic to align with Titan. Are we back to Mike Tyson? Yeah, but Tyson, but no, no, it isn't, it's beyond that. Is it a celebration of human nature? I've had some pretty decent orgasms in my life at this point, I'm 43. So, but no, none have ever compared to that. Like I said, it is a feeling of highest being to me. And I... It's your Ubermensch moment. This is where I feel like the restrictions of general existence in society are gone. And I get to fully live in a state that feels more meaningful, of the most meaning. You know, I think of it as life and death. And it's just, it is the way I'm built. And I don't have, I've never had any problem applying violence. Like it doesn't, I don't know where it comes from or how you would 
orked on it myself, I do get a sense of the level of difficulty in realizing that goal. So that book is in the 90s, so as Google is coming to be, it's essentially not Google, but the search engine, the initial search engines, which gave birth to Google essentially in contrast. Right. Yeah. Yeah. That was still in the era of Alta Vista and Ask Jeeves and multiple different search engines. And yeah, I'm pretty sure I had not heard of Google at that point. That would have been 95, 96. I think the book came out in 94. And then, of course, the social networks followed, which is another form of guidance through the space of information. Yeah. Well, what happens is that these things come along and then people find ways to game them. And so I saw an interesting thread the other day pointing out that 20 years ago, if you had Googled Pythagorean theorem, chances are you would have been taken directly to a page explaining the Pythagorean theorem. If you do it now, you're probably going to... The top hits are going to be from somebody who's got an angle, who's got a 
at I'm saying, I'll give you a hundred dollars. And then he usually crack a smile and say, okay, like what do you got for me son? And so I'd sit down, I just opened my book and I'd say, here's the credit card industry. Here's how it works. Here are the players. Here's what they do. Here's how they deceive you. Here's what I am. I'm no different than anyone else. I it's like, you're gonna process your credit card. You're gonna get the money in the account. You're just gonna get a clean statement, you're gonna have someone who answers the call when someone asks and you know, just like the basic, like you're okay. And people started saying yes. And then of course I went to the next business and be like, you know, Joe and Susie and whoever said yes too. And so I built a social proof structure and I became the number one salesperson out of 400 people nationwide doing this. And I worked, you know, half time still doing this other startup and. That's a brilliant strategy, by the way. It's very well, very well strategized and executed. I did it for nine months. And at th
rphic means many forms, variants. That basically means that every one of us has single nucleotide alterations that we have inherited from mom and from dad that basically can be thought of as tiny little perturbations. Most of them don't do anything, but some of them lead to all of the phenotypic differences that we see between us. The reason why two twins are identical is because these variants completely determine the way that I'm going to look at exactly 93 years of age. How happy are you with this kind of data set? Is it large enough of the human population of Earth? Is that too big, too small? Yeah, so is it large enough is a power analysis question. In every one of our grants, we do a power analysis based on what is the effect size that I would like to detect and what is the natural variation in the two forms. Every time you do a perturbation, you're asking, I'm changing form A into form B. Form A has some natural phenotypic variation around it and form B has some natural phenotypic variation around it. If those variances are l
ter off my back. No, but a man that uses, and a community that uses the word shit coin is a little bit, you call it amusement. And I think amusement is a way to deal with the frustration. It's a channel and you have frustration. Like sometimes when you have to deal with bullshit, the best way is just to laugh at the absurdity of it all. And that's what you mean by amusement. But the fact is like, there's things like artificial intelligence for, what is it, how many decades, seven decades, has been off and on promising to change everything. And it has failed time and time again to deliver to the promise. But that doesn't mean there's something fundamental and really powerful about both the small and the big things going on within the actual research and development within those communities. There's a lot of exciting developments. And the scale at which those developments might actually have a transformative impact, the time scale is unclear. It seems like we're certainly overpromising. We dream too big and too aggressively in the AI commu
ulture, which I don't pay much attention to, I guess. So you look more at the monetary system, the economics of it all, and just the history and just looking at it, zooming out at the big picture of it all. Although recently he's working on a book called The White Pill and he's been, every time I see him, I mean, he's in some dark aspect of the 20th century. He's just like, I just finished writing about Holodomor. As you might imagine, he's not taking much, I believe, of a monetary perspective on things. His book, his writing, at least for time, has a kind of philosophical ideology perspective that's outside of the monetary system. But you argue that those are actually inextricably linked. Yeah, and I don't think he would disagree. He would. But a book has to be, can only be so long, I suppose. It can only focus on so many things. If you can put on your wise sage hat and give some advice to young people. I mean, the past four hours have been a kind of advice, but if you can focus, and if somebody in high school or college is thinking about what to do 
task, I want someone who, a human who has these particular forms of intelligence. I require now these 20 different things. And then you can combine those things and then relate them to of course performance in a particular task, but you can also relate them to genetic variation that might be affecting different parts of the brain. For example, your frontal cortex versus your temporal cortex versus your visual cortex and so on and so forth. So genetic variation that affects expression of genes in different parts of your brain can basically affect your music ability, your auditory ability, your smell, just dozens of different phenotypes can be broken down into hundreds of cognitive variables and then relate each of those to thousands of genes that are associated with them. So somebody who loves RPGs or playing games, there's too few variables that we can control. So I'm excited if we're in fact living in a simulation and this is a video game, I'm excited by the quality of the video game. The game designer did a hell of a good job. So
sort of interacting with each other between different layers of neurons in the cortical layers. Every single one of these has a different type of function to play in cognition, in interaction with the environment, in maintenance of the brain, in energetic needs, in feeding the brain with blood, with oxygen, in clearing out the debris that are resulting from the super high energy production of cognition in humans. So all of these things are basically potentially deconvolvable computationally, but experimentally, you can just do single cell profiling of dozens of regions of the brain across hundreds of individuals across millions of cells. And then now you have pieces of the puzzle that you can then put back together to understand that complexity. I mean, first of all, the cells in the human brain are the most, maybe I'm romanticizing it, but cognition seems to be very complicated. So separating into the function, breaking Alzheimer's down to the cellular level seems very challenging. Is that basically you're trying to find a way th
, I just show you the same facts again. It's that fact that is the reason to do good. There's nothing more fundamental than that. I'd like to sort of make more concrete the thing we're trying to make better. So you just mentioned malaria. So there's a huge amount of suffering in the world. Are we trying to remove? So is ultimately the goal, not ultimately, but the first step is to remove the worst of the suffering. So there's some kind of threshold of suffering that we want to make sure does not exist in the world. Or do we really naturally want to take a much further step and look at things like income inequality? So not just getting everybody above a certain threshold, but making sure that there's some, that broadly speaking, there's less injustice in the world, unfairness, in some definition, of course, very difficult to define a fairness. Yeah, so the metric I use is how many people do we affect and by how much do we affect them? And so that can, often that means eliminating suffering, but it doesn't have to, could be helping promote a flo
ugh lending. And then it becomes the creation of money truly by fiat, by government fiat. So we moved to a system in which money is just basically, it's like we have money that is pieces of paper. And every time we've had money, we've had fiat money that was just pieces of paper, it collapsed very quickly. With the current system, money is credit. And the creation of credit is restricted to some point. And the creation of credit is self correcting. I discussed this in the fiat standard. If the central bank allows banks to create too much credit, that creates a bubble. And then there's a collapse in the money supply, which prevents hyperinflation from happening because the money creation is self destructive, it's self correcting. So you end up with an average of like 7% per year increase because you have 10% for five years and then you get negative 20% for one year and it's correcting. But now if you get rid of the credit creation mechanism, it's just assigning money directly, we're likely gonna get much faster inflation. And I think that's obvious
 a potential argument for government good. Some government is good. Maybe a lot of government is good. Maybe we need a lot of centralized management for resource allocation and so on because we humans specialize, we're too busy and so on. So there's an argument for that that exists. You probably disagree with any possible argument on that side, but anyway, so why is that idea of Keynesian economics wrong? I'm gonna focus for this on the money idea, the idea that a little bit of inflation is good. The idea here, I mean, the criticism is that without inflation, people wouldn't spend and then the economy would come to a grinding halt. And that's nonsensical because people spend not because they wanna keep this magical monster called the economy going. People spend because they need to consume because that's how we live, that's how we survive. You need to eat, you need shelter, you need clothes to keep you warm. And as technology advances, the capabilities of the things that we can do with our time increases and so we wanna buy more things. S
Look, I mean, John was a polarizing guy, right? There's certain things like over the years, he was cutting edge and I might not have agreed with all of his, you know, some stuff, some not, right? You know, like we all, but I tell you, I found him as funny. I enjoyed his humor. I would love the two of you to have a conversation. No, but again, I love a guy where you can have, you can have a difference in opinions. That's the beautiful thing about the firehouse kitchen. I mean, it could get raucous and now, I don't know, it's a little different situation, but I mean, back in the day, some funny stuff. But yeah, John, John literally just took his talents. You would think he was speaking from the heart of a fireman or a cop or a soldier or a Marine, you know, someone who was there. But I think he especially got to know Ray so well and Ray had this stack of mask cards from, you know, the funeral cards they give out. It looks like, you know, a larger business card that's laminated. And Ray had a stack of them he would carry around. I think it was close to a hu
t? No, it was much more mundane. So I worked in this company. So in this sense, the four and a half years was not completely wasted. And I worked on an image interpolation problem, and I developed a quite neat new interpolation techniques and they got patented, which happens quite often. I got sort of overboard and thought about, yeah, that's pretty good, but it's not the best. So what is the best possible way of doing interpolation? And then I thought, yeah, you want the simplest picture, which is if you coarse grain it, recovers your original picture. And then I thought about the simplicity concept more in quantitative terms, and then everything developed. And somehow the four beautiful mix of also being a physicist and thinking about the big picture of it, then led you to probably think big with AIX. So as a physicist, I was probably trained not to always think in computational terms, just ignore that and think about the fundamental properties, which you want to have. So what about if you could really one day in the future? What would 
ery cell division is leading to specialization where you now have a mesodermal lineage and ectodermal lineage and endodermal lineage that basically leads to different parts of your body. The ectoderm will basically give rise to your skin, ecto means outside, derm is skin. So ectoderm, but it also gives rise to your neurons and your whole brain. So that's a lot of ectoderm. Mesoderm gives rise to your internal organs, including the vasculature and you know, your muscle and stuff like that. So you basically have this progressive differentiation and then if you look further, further down that lineage, you basically have one lineage that will give rise to both your muscle and your bone, but also your fat. And if you go further down the lineage of your fat, you basically have your white fat cells. These are the cells that store energy. So when you eat a lot, but you don't exercise too much, there's an excess set of calories, excess energy. What do you do with those? You basically create, you spend a lot of that energy to create these high 
that sort of comes and binds normally. That protein is normally a repressor. It represses this super enhancer, this massive 12,000 nucleotide master regulatory control gene, and it turns off IRX3, which is a gene that's 600,000 nucleotides away, and IRX5, which is 1.2 million nucleotides away. So those things. And what's the effect of turning them off? That's exactly the next question. So step six is what do these genes actually do? So we then ask, what does RX3 and RX5 do? The first thing we did is look across individuals for individuals that had higher expression of RX3 or lower expression RX3. And then we looked at the expression of all of the other genes in the genome. And we looked for simply correlation. And we found that RX3 and RX5 were both correlated positively with lipid metabolism and negatively with mitochondrial biogenesis. You're like, what the heck does that mean? Does this sound related to obesity? Not at all superficially, but lipid metabolism should, because lipids is these high and energy molecules that basically store fat. So RX3 and RX5 are
k, I struggle with terrible insomnia. And I'll ask them, is it problems falling asleep or staying asleep? And they'll say, falling asleep. And then I'll say, look, if you are on a desert island with nothing to wake up for, no responsibilities, what time would you normally go to bed and what time would you wake up? And they would say, I'd probably like to go to bed about midnight and wake up maybe eight in the morning. And then I'd say, so what time do you now go to bed? And they'd say, well, I've got to be up for work early. So I get into bed at 10. I say, well, you don't have insomnia. You have a mismatch between your biological chronotype and your current sleep schedule. And when you align those two, and I was fighting that for some time too, I'm probably mostly right in the middle. I am desperately vanilla, unfortunately, in many aspects of life, but this included, I'm neither a strong morning type nor a strong evening type. So ideally I'd probably like to go to bed around 11, 10.30, 11, probably somewhere between 10.30, 11, and wake up, I naturally wake up usually most 
the human mind is, we'll ever be able to get to the moment of the Big Bang in our understanding or even the moment before the Big Bang? Can we understand what happened before the Big Bang? I'm optimistic both that we'll be able to measure more, so observe more, and that we'll be able to figure out more. So they're very, very tangible prospects for observing the extremely early universe, so even much earlier than we can observe now through looking at gravitational waves. Gravitational waves, since they interact so weakly with ordinary matter, sort of send a minimally processed signal from the Big Bang. It's a very weak signal because it's traveled a long way and diffused over long spaces, but people are gearing up to try to detect gravitational waves that could have come from the early universe. Yeah, LIGO's an incredible engineering project. It's the most sensitive, precise devices on Earth. The fact that humans can build something like that is truly awe inspiring from an engineering perspective. Right, but these gravitational waves from
h. So it gives you the context of the human being that created those ideas. Right, and brings it down to earth in the sense that, you know, it was really human beings who did this. It's not, and they made mistakes. And yeah, I also got inspiration from Bertrand Russell who was a big hero and H.G. Wells and yeah. So read the masters, make contact with great minds. And when you are sort of narrowing down on a subject, learn about the history of the subject because that really puts in context what you're trying to do and also gives a sense of community and grandeur to the whole enterprise. And then the third piece of advice is complimentary to both those, which is sort of to get the basics under control as soon as possible. So if you wanna do theoretical work in science, you know, you have to learn calculus, multivariable calculus, complex variables, group theory. Nowadays, you have to be highly computer literate if you want to do experimental work. You also have to be computer literate and you have to learn about electronics and optics an
rstand that question? No, that's the key thing. I mean, how advanced a human do you want it to be? But we do expect a human to be able to do multi chain reasoning, to be able to take a few facts and put them together, not perfectly. And we see that in a lot of polls that people don't do that perfectly at all. So it's not very well defined, but it's something where it really would convince you that it's a human. Is your intuition that large language models will not be solely the kind of system that passes the Turing test in 2029? Do we need something else? No, I think it will be a large language model, but they have to go beyond what they're doing now. I think we're getting there. And another key issue is if somebody actually passes the Turing test validly, I would believe they're conscious. And then not everybody would say that. It's okay, we can pass the Turing test, but we don't really believe that it's conscious. That's a whole nother issue. But if it really passes the Turing test, I would believe that it's conscious. But I don't believe that of lar
intelligent. It can inspire in which direction to go. What do you mean by that? So if you have some choice to make, right? So how should I evaluate my system if I can't do cross validation? How should I do my learning if my standard regularization doesn't work well? So the answer is always this, we have a system which does everything, that's ICSE. It's just completely in the ivory tower, completely useless from a practical point of view. But you can look at it and see, ah, yeah, maybe I can take some aspects. And instead of Kolmogorov complexity, that just takes some compressors, which has been developed so far. And for the planning, well, we have UCT, which has also been used in Go. And at least it's inspired me a lot to have this formal definition. And if you look at other fields, like I always come back to physics because I have a physics background, think about the phenomenon of energy. That was long time a mysterious concept. And at some point it was completely formalized. And that really helped a lot. And you can point out a lot of these
th a publisher who published some Malcolm Gladwell books. And she said, I'm very interested in your book, but can you write it without mentioning death? Because people don't like death. And we're like, no, it's really kind of central. And I think that's part of it. I think, again, if these ideas have merit, and I actually like the way that you put it, Lex, it's that to step away is to momentarily expose yourself to all of the anxiety that our identity and our beliefs typically enable us to manage. I think it's as simple as that. Yeah, I had this experience in college with my best friend who got really high. And he forgot, it was in the winter, it was really freezing. It was memorable to me. I think it's an analogy, it's very useful. So he went to get some pizza. And he left me outside and said, I'll be back in five minutes. And he forgot that he left me outside. And I remember it was, I was in shorts, it was freezing winter. And I remember standing outside, it's a dorm, and I'm looking from the outside in, it's a light and it's warm. And I'm just standing th
urning beige fat is made developmentally in the first three days of differentiation of your adipocytes. So as they're differentiating, you basically can choose to make fat burning machines or fat storing machines. And sort of that's how you populate your fat. You basically can now go in pharmaceutical and do all of that. And in our paper, we actually did all of that. We went in and manipulated every single aspect. At the nucleotide level, we use CRISPR Cas9 genome editing to basically take primary adipocytes from risk and non risk individuals and show that by editing that one nucleotide out of 3.2 billion nucleotides in the human genome, you could then flip between an obese phenotype and a lean phenotype like a switch. You can basically take my cells that are non thermogenizing and just flip into thermogenizing cells by changing one nucleotide. It's mind boggling. It's so inspiring that this puzzle could be solved in this way and it feels within reach to then be able to crack the problem of some of these diseases. What are the tec
ak from my own particular experience here. So I run a small research lab here. It's like any other research lab. I'm sort of the principal investigator. There's actually two of us and there's a bunch of other people. And this is what we do. We study the neocortex and we publish our results and so on. So about three years ago, we had a real breakthrough in this field. Just tremendous breakthrough. We've now published, I think, three papers on it. And so I have a pretty good understanding of all the pieces and what we're missing. I would say that almost all the empirical data we've collected about the brain, which is enormous. If you don't know the neuroscience literature, it's just incredibly big. And it's, for the most part, all correct. It's facts and experimental results and measurements and all kinds of stuff. But none of that has been really assimilated into a theoretical framework. It's data without, in the language of Thomas Kuhn, the historian, would be a sort of a pre paradigm science. Lots of data, but no way to fit it together. I think alm
, but you, I would never know that. I would never know that because you're very engaging. You're very, like, I would not know, like you don't have any impediments to your social skills, your personal, and that's, and again, I don't mean it as a knock to you and these young people. Well, no, but this is me trying to look up from a smartphone is having these conversations, talking to people. I think it's important. I mean, some of it could be, it's always hard to know. Some of it could be just you and I being old school, because you grew up before the internet. Maybe there is joy and deep human connection to be discovered inside the smartphone. We don't, it doesn't seem that way, because the smartphone's so new, maybe we just haven't figured out those things, because there's a globalizing aspect. There's a opportunity for you to connect with people from across the world in ways that. I have cousins in Ireland and England. I love it. I get a FaceTime or a WhatsApp and it's like, holy crap, they're, you know, three, 4,000 miles away and I'm having a conversation now. I 
te or something where it may be more awkward to take notes so I know it may not work for everyone but when I'm taking courses on Coursera and I still take some every now and then the most recent one I took was a course on clinical trials because I was interested about that I got out my little Moleskine notebook and what I was seeing on my desk was just taking down notes so what the instructor was saying and that act we know that that act of taking notes preferably handwritten notes increases retention. So as you're sort of watching the video just kind of pausing maybe and then taking the basic insights down on paper. Yeah so there have been a few studies if you search online you find some of these studies that taking handwritten notes because handwriting is slower as we're saying just now it causes you to recode the knowledge in your own words more and that process of recoding promotes long term retention this is as opposed to typing which is fine again typing is better than nothing or in taking a class and not ta
ion because for a lot of the challenges we think about in AI, the software is really the missing piece, but for something like this, the hardware is nowhere near either. To really have a robot that can physically run around, the Boston Dynamics robots are starting to get there, but still not really human level ability to run around and then swing a racket. So you think that's a hardware problem? I don't think it's a hardware problem only. I think it's a hardware and a software problem. I think it's both. And I think they'll have independent progress. So I'd say the hardware maybe in 10, 15 years. On clay, not grass. I mean, grass is probably harder. With the sliding? Yeah. With the clay, I'm not sure what's harder, grass or clay. The clay involves sliding, which might be harder to master actually, yeah. But you're not limited to a bipedal. I mean, I'm sure there's no... Well, if we can build a machine, it's a whole different question, of course. If you can say, okay, this robot can be on wheels, it can move around on wheels and can be designed differently, then I 
Yes, yeah, I think that is accurate, that cryptocurrency is a version of what I would call my autonomous self that I'm trying to build. It is an introduction of an autonomous system of value exchange and the process of value creation in the society, yes, I see their similarities. So I guess what you're saying is Bitcoin will somehow help me not pig out at night, or the equivalent of, speaking of diet, if we could just linger on that topic a little bit, we already talked about your blog post of I fired myself, I fired Brian, the evening Brian, who's too willing to, not making good decisions for the long term well being and happiness of the entirety of the organism. Basically you were like pigging out at night. But it's interesting, because I do the same, in fact I often eat one meal a day, and like I have been this week actually, especially when I travel, and it's funny that it never occurred to me to just basically look at the fact that I'm able to be much smarter about my eating decisions in the morning and the afternoon than I am at n
 I think how the mind works, that it is the key question for the psychological sciences broadly defined in the 21st century. What is consciousness? Yeah, what is consciousness? And I don't think it's an epiphenomenological afterthought. So a lot of people, I think Dan Wagner at Harvard, a lot of folks consider it just the ass end of a process that by the time we are aware of what it is, it's just basically an integrated rendering of something that's already happened. You know, evidently there's a half second delay between when something happens, you know, those studies and our awareness of it. And that's where like ideas of free will will step in. You can explain away a lot of stuff. And I think those are all important and interesting questions. I'm of the persuasion. I mean, even, not even, but Dawkins and the selfish gene is very thoughtful. Actually, in a lot of, it's actually more in notes than in the text of the book, but he's just like, it's hard for me to imagine that consciousness doesn't have some sort of important and highly adaptive fun
hings started out that way. We have a lot of evidence that they did start out that way. But since most of the, we don't get to visit there and do controlled experiments. Most of the record is very, very processed and we have to use very subtle techniques and powerful instruments to get information that has survived. Get closer and closer to the Big Bang. Get closer and closer to the beginning of things. And what's revealed there is that, as I said, there undoubtedly was a period when everything in the universe that we have been able to look at and understand, and that's consistent with everything, is in a condition where it was much, much hotter and much, much denser, but still obeying the laws of physics as we know them today. And then you start with that. So all the matter is in equilibrium. And then with small quantum fluctuations and run it forward, and then it produces, at least in broad strokes, the universe we see around us today. Do you think we'll ever be able to, with the tools of physics, with the way science is, with the way 
 Black Plague and other sort of selective events in human history, famines, ice ages, and so forth. So that's number one on the sort of immune side. On the metabolic side, again, we are able to sort of run marathons. I don't know if you remember the sort of human versus horse experiment where the horse actually tires out faster than the human and the human actually wins. So on the metabolic side, we're dramatically different. On the immune side, we're dramatically different. On the brain side, again, you know, no need to sort of, you know, it's a no brainer of how our brain is like just enormously more capable. And then, you know, in the side of cancer, so basically the cancers that humans are having, the exposures, the environmental exposures is again, dramatically different. And the lifespan, the expansion of human lifespan is unseen in any other species in, you know, recent evolutionary history. And that now leads to a lot of new disorders that are starting to, you know, manifest late in life. So you know, Alzheimer's is one example where basica
r on this benchmark, that's what, that's all that matters. And that's a problem. You know, we have to figure out how to get around that. That's a challenge for us. That's one of the challenges that we have to deal with. So I agree, you've identified a big issue. It's difficult for those reasons. But you know, part of the reasons I'm talking to you here today is I hope I'm gonna get some machine learning people to say, I'm gonna read those papers. Those might be some interesting ideas. I'm tired of doing this 0.1% improvement stuff, you know? Well, that's why I'm here as well, because I think machine learning now as a community is at a place where the next step needs to be orthogonal to what has received success in the past. Well, you see other leaders saying this, machine learning leaders, you know, Jeff Hinton with his capsules idea. Many people have gotten up to say, you know, we're gonna hit road map, maybe we should look at the brain, you know, things like that. So hopefully that thinking will occur organically. And then we're in a nice position for peopl
w a person a long time, but you say, I care about you with a hug. Can I add just a tiny tangent? This was in the midst of COVID when I was in Boston and it was, you know, masks, like triple masks, nobody. And when I went to see Joe here when he was trying to convince me to move to Austin, Joe Rogan, and then the first time I see him, he's like, ah, you motherfucking big ass hug. And it felt so good. But people probably looked horrified. They're hugging. It was just him. Oh, okay, I know what I'm saying, but if you do it in public now, it's like you committed. But that expression, because I was so, you forget how powerful that is. Oh, I got some of my buddies. I give them a huge hug and a big sloppy kiss on their cheek and I, cause I love them. They, these are my brothers, you know? But on this set, I swear to God, it got to the point and I'm not trying to whatever, but there was people that would come up to me for the daily hug. And I said, what are you doing? And they said, come on, bring it in. And I give them the hug and they said, you don't understand. It
de the service or the good, and anybody anywhere is free to buy it from them or reject to buy it from them. So anyone can build a power plant, anyone can succeed at it, anybody can fail at it, anybody can build it in a way that I can choose to take part in or not take part in. I can build my own. So we have a situation which 10 million people, let's say, they each can freely choose to provide the good or to buy the good. That cannot be considered an alternative on an equal footing to a situation where one person or one entity gets to decide for everybody and those people decide for everybody and those who disagree go to jail. So the problem is that the alternative to governments is other large successful entities that have humans in them and human nature is such that there's corruption, manipulation and so on. I think free market depends on the honest communication of information as widely as possible so that people can make great rational decisions but sort of my fear is, I'd like to propose is that in general there's manipulat
t the sea of policies we operate under as human beings, or if AI system had to operate in this real world, do you think it's really easy to find policies that are full of kindness, like we naturally fall into them? Or is it like a very hard optimization problem? I mean, there is kind of two optimizations happening for humans, right? So for humans, there's kind of the very long term optimization which evolution has done for us and we're kind of predisposed to like certain things. And that's in some sense what makes our learning easier because I mean, we know things like pain and hunger and thirst. And the fact that we know about those is not something that we were taught, that's kind of innate. When we're hungry, we're unhappy. When we're thirsty, we're unhappy. When we have pain, we're unhappy. And ultimately evolution built that into us to think about those things. And so I think there is a notion that it seems somehow humans evolved in general to prefer to get along in some ways, but at the same time also to be very territorial and kind o
early 100 countries giving you access to content that isn't available in your region. So again, get it on any device at expressvpn.com slash lex pod to get extra three months free and to support this podcast. This show is presented by the great, the powerful Cash App, the number one finance app in the app store. When you get it, use code LEX PODCAST. Cash App lets you send money to friends, buy Bitcoin, and invest in the stock market with as little as one dollar. Since Cash App allows you to send and receive money digitally, let me mention a surprising fact about physical money. It costs 2.4 cents to produce a single penny. In fact, I think it costs 85 million dollars annually to produce them. So again, if you get Cash App from the app store Google Play and use the code LEX PODCAST, you get 10 dollars and Cash App will also donate 10 dollars to First, an organization that is helping to advance robotics and STEM education for young people around the world. And now, here's my conversation with Sheldon Solomon. What is the role of death and fear of
should be shocked because I'm from Liverpool myself. And, but he was on Wimpole Street in London and filming. And he came up with that song, the melody in his sleep, not to be outdone by the Beatles. And by the way, Let It Be also came from a dream that McCartney had. People usually give it religious overtones. Mother Mary comes to me speaking words of wisdom, let it be. If you've ever asked who Mother Mary is, it's not the biblical content. It's his mother. It's Mary McCartney. And she came to him in a dream and gifted him the song. But the best story I've heard is not to be outdone by the Beatles. The Stones, Keith Richards, who I think once was suggested it. Who was it? It was a comedian who was saying that in an interview with Rolling Stone, Keith Richards suggested or inferred that young kids should not do drugs. And they said, well, look, young kids can't do drugs because you've done all of the drugs. And I always thought that, but Keith Richards described he would always go to bed with his guitar and a tape recorder. And then probably who
eedback loops to make themselves cuter. Not just cuter, but everything that humans do, let's not speak harshly of robots, humans do the same thing. Oh no, I wasn't meaning it in a, but you're right, humans based on feedback will change their appearance. Yes, I do this on Instagram all the time, how do I look cuter? That's the fundamental question I ask myself. So why wouldn't a robot wanna, it's like oh wow, people really don't like the quad mount machine gun on top of my turret, maybe I should get rid of that and people would feel more at ease. Or lean into it, be proud of it. Like you won't take my gun, whatever the saying is, from my dead cold hands. I mean their personality, adding personality such that you can start to heal, you can start to weave narratives. I think that's a fascinating place where there's this feedback loop, like you said, where AI, especially when it's embodied, puts a mirror to ourselves. Just like other humans, our close friends, they kind of teach us about ourselves. We teach each other and through that process grow close. An
all the negative effects of social media. We've immediately forgotten how incredible it is to connect across the world. There's a deep loneliness within all of us, we long to connect and social media, at least in part, enables that even in its current state. And all the negative things we see with social media currently are also in part just revealing the basics of human nature. It didn't make us worse, it's just bringing it to the surface. And step one of solving a problem is bringing it to the surface. The fact that there's a division, the fact that we're easily angered and upset and all of that, the witch hunts, all those kinds of things, that's human nature and it just reveals that allowing us to now work on it, it's therapy. And so that's another example of a technology that's just, we're not considering the positive effects now and in the future enough of. I have to ask you about, there's a million things I can ask you about, but virtual reality, I gotta ask you. You've thought about virtual reality, mixed reality quite a bit. What are the
t all that art does. Not all art is about the human form, but they are phenomenal. And I think critical opinion, not that everyone agrees, but my view is not considered a crazy one within the broader court of critical opinion. Now in painting, I think the most I was ever blown away was to see Vermeer's artwork. It's called The Art of Painting and it's in Vienna in the Kunsthistorisches Museum. And I saw that, I think I was 23. It just stunned me because I'd seen reproductions, but live in front of you in huge, a completely different artwork. And again, Vienna, primed. Yes, and I was living abroad for the first time and Vienna itself, the city and so on. Now, unlike the Michelangelo's, that is not my current favorite painting, but that would be like historically the one I would pick. What do you make in the context of those choices? What do you make of modern art? And I apologize if I'm not using the correct terminology, but art that maybe goes another level of weird outside of the art that you've kind of mentioned and breaks all the conventions
 with them and as long as not everybody shows up at the same time asking for their gold, then you can make more receipts than you have gold. So there's always shady stuff going on, but at least that's the state of gold is the receipts should exactly represent the amount of gold there. And also when you say standard, it means that governments sort of publicly stated that this is the approved, the main way of making transactions that are monetary. So this is the money, this is the official money that you should be using if you live in this country. Yes, although I would say it's more like the other way around. It's not that the governments established gold as money. It's more like gold gave the governments the credibility for their currencies. So governments were not the ones that made gold money. Gold has been money before states were invented. States, if you have a government and you'd like to have some legitimacy and you'd like to be able to deal with other governments on an equal footing, you had to go by the gold standard. You had
it... The first question is usually how it's pronounced, but finally I put it on the website how it's pronounced and you figured it out. The name comes from AI, artificial intelligence, and the X, I, is the Greek letter Xi, which are used for Solomonov's distribution for quite stupid reasons, which I'm not willing to repeat here in front of camera. Sure. So it just happened to be more or less arbitrary. I chose the Xi. But it also has nice other interpretations. So there are actions and perceptions in this model. An agent has actions and perceptions over time. So this is A index I, X index I. So there's the action at time I and then followed by perception at time I. Yeah, we'll go with that. I'll edit out the first part. I'm just kidding. I have some more interpretations. So at some point, maybe five years ago or 10 years ago, I discovered in Barcelona, it was on a big church that was in stone engraved, some text, and the word Aixia appeared there a couple of times. I was very surprised and happy about that. And I looked it up. So it is a Catalan langu
 that's kind of the beginnings of phenomenology and his stuff is pretty hard to read. You really have to take it in small bites and go a little bit at a time. But he's trying to come to grips with these kinds of questions. How did you come to grips with it? Why does this table feel solid? Well, I mean, we're an evolved system that there's, we have biological advantages in knowing where solid objects are. So we've got this system in our head that integrates our perceptions into this coherent view of things. One of the take homes that I like from Husserl is the idea of intersubjectivity and the idea that the fundamental requirement for us to stay sane is for us to share our perceptions and have them ratified by other, they don't even have to be people, but a prisoner in solitary confinement might domesticate a mouse or even insects because they perceive the same things that the prisoner perceives and so convince him that he's not just hallucinating. Yeah, there's the establish a consensus, but see, that doesn't mean any of it is real. Y
er life or give my children a better life. So all of human civilization really is the process of us lowering our time preference and finding harder monies that allow us to provide better for the future is how we really technologically we do that. I think of the hardness of money as being the control knob for our time preference. And you can see this reflected in the 20th century where we go from the money supply increases at around one and a half percent under gold to this current situation where over the last 60 years I ran the numbers on money supply and fiat, the global fiat supply has increased at around 14% per year. So we've done a 10X in the increase in the supply of money annually. And 14% is a weighted average. So if you take a basic numerical average for all fiat currencies, you get something like 30%. The average fiat currency increases by 30%. But if you value it by the volume of each currency so that you're not giving equal weight to the Venezuelan Bolivar increasing at 500% a year and the dollar increasing at 8% a year, if you do i
e can do that with every type of medical insufficiency that we have. So curing all diseases, improving certain functions of the body, supplements, drugs for recreation, for health, for performance, for productivity, all that kind of stuff. Well, that's where we're headed, because I mean, right now we have a very inefficient way of creating these new medications. But we've already shown it, and the Moderna vaccine is actually the best of the vaccines we've had, and it literally took two days to create. And we'll get to the point where we can test it out also quickly. Are you impressed by AlphaFold and the solution to the protein folding, which essentially is simulating, modeling this primitive building block of life, which is a protein, and its 3D shape? It's pretty remarkable that they can actually predict what the 3D shape of these things are, but they did it with the same type of neural net that won, for example, the Go test. So it's all the same. It's all the same. All the same approaches. They took that same thing and just changed the rules to
k at the way it came down, it came down as it was designed to in the God forbid event that it was to collapse. It came down pancaking upon itself. If it had failed horizontally and just sprayed out side to side, those buildings would have dropped for a quarter, half a mile up to Canal Street. But you know, Lex, I can't. The fire and the destruction that could have resulted. Yeah, oh my gosh, it could have been so much worse. I mean, you would have taken out every building from that point all the way up. But in my heart, I'd like to just believe that it was just a fire that burned too long and too hot. These planes cause structural damage upon impact in both buildings and it was just a matter of time. And then you think about it, you add all the plastics, all the carpeting, all of the stuff that was burning on those floors. You add that to that fire load. I think it just had enough to collapse it. And you were in building seven for part of that day. I was just after it came down as well. We were aside it and we weren't in it or next to it
 sense of another quark or axions even. But physics in the sense of, physics has a lot of experience in analyzing complex situations and analyzing new states of matter and devising new kinds of instruments that do clever things. Physics in that sense has enormous amounts to contribute to this kind of endeavor. But I don't think that looking for a so called theory of everything has much to do with it at all. What advice would you give to a young person today with a bit of fire in their eyes, high school student, college student, thinking about what to do with their life, maybe advice about career or bigger advice about life in general? Well, first read fundamentals because there I've tried to give some coherent deep advice. That's fundamentals, 10 keys to reality by Frank Kulczyk. So that's a good place to start. Available everywhere. If you wanna learn what I can tell you. Is there an audio book? I read that ebook. Yes, there is an audio book. There's an audio book, that's awesome. I think it's, I can give three pieces of wise advice that I 
rivial at the time. And he would try and try, he was so obsessed with it. He created playing cards with all of the different elements on. And then he would go on these long train journeys around Europe and he would just sort of deal these cards in front of them and he would shuffle them, shuffling and shuffling. And he would just try to see if he could find what the answer was. And then, so the story goes, he fell asleep and he had a dream. And in that dream, all of these elements started to dance and play around and they snapped into a logical grid, atomic weights, et cetera, et cetera. And it wasn't his waking brain that solved the problem. It was his sleeping brain that solved the impenetrable problem that his waking brain could not. And there's been count, even in the arts and in music, some wonderful dreams, Frankenstein, Mary Shelley's epic Gothic novel came to her in a dream at Lord Byron's home. And then we've got, Paul McCartney. Yesterday, the song came to him in a dream. He was filming, gosh, what was the movie? I don't recall it. I 
 the genes can be modified. And we basically said, oh great, that means that epitranscriptomics is hugely involved in obesity because that gene FTO is clearly where the genetic locus is at. My group studied FTO in collaboration with a wonderful team led by Melina Klausnitzer. And what we found is that this FTO locus, even though it is as associated with obesity, does not implicate the FTO gene. The genetic variance, it's in the first intron of the FTO gene, but it controls two genes IRX3 and IRX5 that are sitting 1.2 million nucleotides away, several genes away. Oh boy. What am I supposed to feel about that because isn't that like super complicated then? So the way that I was introduced at a conference a few years ago was, and here's Manolis Kellis who wrote the most depressing paper of 2015. And the reason for that is that the entire pharmaceutical industry was so comfortable that there was a single gene in that locus. Because in some loci, you basically have three dozen genes that are all sitting in the same region of association and yo
at you see is important for them to solve? I think building and deploying machine learning systems is hard there's a huge gulf between something that works in a jupyter notebook on your laptop versus something that runs their production deployment setting in a factory or agriculture plant or whatever so I see a lot of people get something to work on your laptop and say wow look what I've done and that's great that's hard that's a very important first step but a lot of teams underestimate the rest of the steps needed so for example I've heard this exact same conversation between a lot of machine learning people and business people the machine learning person says look my algorithm does well on the test set and it's a clean test set at the end of peak and the machine and the business person says thank you very much but your algorithm sucks it doesn't work and the machine learning person says no wait I did well on the test set and I think there is a gulf between what it takes to do well on the test set on your hard drive
's what could be a definition of dominance. I don't know. I mean, it sounds very much like a chain to a radiator. Yeah. Yeah, there's a threat that connects all runners, but submission feels different. It is actually different when you think about it across the landscape. I don't think radically different, but just still slightly different. And that if you think of wrestling as being derived from combat, right? So, well, it is combat sports, but more lethal combat. Getting somebody off their feet and onto their back is about as lethal a place for the person on bottom to be in general. I mean, don't come at me with your talks about your fucking worm guards and blah, blah, blah, and whatever spider, bear, okay, get out of here with that. We're not talking about you in this highly regimented sporting environment. We're talking about general, all the body hair, none of the waxing human beings. So getting someone on their back, okay, as you're trying to get up, you're getting hit with a rock or stabbed or what have you set on fire, who knows? Generally, thes
's three dimensional that'll give what I called a quadrupole moment. That's just built into this. And luckily in nature you have stuff... And luckily things exist. And it is luckily because the effect is so small that you could say, look, I could take a barbell and spin it, right? And detect the gravitational waves. But unfortunately, no matter how much I spin it, how fast I spin it, so I know how to make gravitational waves, but they're so weak, I can't detect them. So we have to take something that's stronger than I can make. Otherwise we would do what Hertz did for electromagnetic waves. Go in our lab, take a barbell, put it on something, spin it. Can I ask a dumb question? So a single object that's weirdly shaped, does that generate gravitational waves? So if it's rotating? Sure. But it's just a much weaker signal. It's weaker. Well, we didn't know what the strongest signal would be that we would see. We targeted seeing something called neutron stars actually, because black holes we don't know very much about. It turned out we were a little bit lucky
e fighting because if you were actually alpha, you don't get into fights, there's no need to. And if you're probably getting into any large amount of fights, it's probably because you're being shitty at being an alpha and now people are tired of you being in charge. And yet in the animal world, and it would be the same for human beings at that base beginning level of violence, there's a big risk. So I know that we live in this place with healthcare or you might be in a place with nationalized health, whatever, right? So there's band aids, there's penicillin, there's all that kind of stuff. But that's not the normal way of things, you know? Yeah, there's a channel that just hurts me every time. I used to follow it and I had to unfollow it because it was too painful for me as a human being called Nature is Metal on Instagram. It was sobering and then it was like, this is too sobering. It's very sobering. So in there, the risk is at its highest level. The damage you take, the winner walks away hurt. Getting lamed when you need every aspect of your p
y mentioned a few examples, but is there something that jumps out at you as was particularly surprising from the various evolutionary computation systems you've worked on, the solutions that were come up along the way? Not necessarily the final solutions, but maybe things that would even discarded. Is there something that just jumps to mind? It happens all the time. I mean, evolution is so creative, so good at discovering solutions you don't anticipate. A lot of times they are taking advantage of something that you didn't think was there, like a bug in the software, for instance. A lot of, there's a great paper, the community put it together about surprising anecdotes about evolutionary computation. A lot of them are indeed, in some software environment, there was a loophole or a bug and the system utilizes that. By the way, for people who want to read it, it's kind of fun to read. It's called The Surprising Creativity of Digital Evolution, a collection of anecdotes from the evolutionary computation and artificial life research communiti
 big influence on me at a young age. But he was the last physicist of note that was both an experimental physicist and a theorist at the same time. And he did two amazing things within months in 1933. We didn't really know what the nucleus was, what radioactive decay was, what beta decay was when electrons come out of a nucleus. And near the end of 1933, the neutron had just been discovered. And that meant that we knew a little bit more about what the nucleus is, that it's made out of neutrons and protons. The neutron wasn't discovered till 1932. And then once we discovered that there was a neutron and proton and they made the nucleus and then their electrons that go around, the basic ingredients were there. And he wrote down not only just the theory, a theory, but a theory that lasted decades and has only been improved on of beta decay, that is, the radiation. He did this, came out of nowhere, and it was a fantastic theory. He submitted it to Nature magazine, which was the primary best place to publish even then. And it got rejected as being too
ried for 65 years. And normally we would just respectfully ask the family members to just step aside and let us do our work. And I realized that he wouldn't leave her side. So I kind of gave the crew a wink and they were doing CPR on what they had to. And I just let him keep holding her hand. And I said, sir, if you, you know, could you just come over just a little bit so we can work? And I held his hand as he held hers. And I said, sir, I said, do you have faith? And he did. And I said, would you like to pray with me for your wife? And he said, I would like to. So we said the Lord's prayer and you know, I just asked God to protect her and bless her. And I think he realized that she didn't have a chance, but we still gave her that chance. And we, you know, got her in the ambulance and maybe it was wrong to try to make it look like we could save her, but you know, you can't really not try. But the one beautiful moment was he thanked me and he was almost okay with it at that point. Like he wasn't as upset. He wasn't as distraught because I tried to 
 how to think about these zeroth principles. And that's, so I came up with that to be a coupler with first principles thinking. And so now it's a staple as part of how I think about the world and the future. So it emphasizes trying to identify, it lands on that word impossible. Like what is impossible, essentially trying to identify what is impossible and what is possible. And being as, how do you, I mean, this is the thing, is most of society tells you the range of things they say is impossible is very wide. So you need to be shrinking that. I mean, that's the whole process of this kind of thinking is you need to be very rigorous in thinking about and be very rigorous in trying to be, trying to draw the lines of what is actually impossible because very few things are actually impossible. I don't know what is actually impossible. Like it's the Joe Rogan, it's entirely possible. I like that approach to science, to engineering, to entrepreneurship, it's entirely possible. Basically shrink the impossible to zero, to a very small set. Yeah, life 
ch of a good idea is about timing? How much is it about your genius versus that its time has come? Timing's very important. I mean, that's really why I got into futurism. I didn't, I wasn't inherently a futurist. That was not really my goal. It's really to figure out when things are feasible. We see that now with large scale models. The very large scale models like GPT3, it started two years ago. Four years ago, it wasn't feasible. In fact, they did create GPT2, which didn't work. So it required a certain amount of timing having to do with this exponential growth of computing power. So futurism in some sense is a study of timing, trying to understand how the world will evolve and when will the capacity for certain ideas emerge. And that's become a thing in itself and to try to time things in the future. But really its original purpose was to time my products. I mean, I did OCR in the 1970s because OCR doesn't require a lot of computation. Optical character recognition. Yeah, so we were able to do that in the 70s and I waited till the 80s to address spee
ized one. Yeah. Whereas the new wrinkle is the need to do a lot of computation and to keep your GPUs from melting down. So people building things in Iceland or in shipping containers on the bottom of the ocean or whatever. So... But there's still governments involved and there's still from a novelist perspective interesting dynamics with big governments like China and more sort of renegade governments from all over the world trying to contend with this idea of what to do in terms of control and power over these kinds of centers that do the mining of the cryptocurrency. Yeah. So we're in a stage now that kind of goes beyond the initial... Like there was... The stuff I was describing in Cryptonomicon had a little bit of air about it of the underpants gnomes in that we're gonna build this system and then we'll make money somehow. But the intermediate step was left out. And that is... I think we're now sort of into that phase of the thing where Bitcoin, blockchain exists, people know how it works, Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies exist. Peo
. So when Steven Pinker writes, for example, again, great scholar, but I'm going to disagree when he says the world has never been better, and all we need to do is keep making stuff and buying stuff. So your sense is the world sort of in disagreement with Steven Pinker, that the world is like facing a potential catastrophic collapse in multiple directions. Yes. And the fact that there are certain like the rate of violence and aggregate is decreasing, the death, you know, the quality of life, all those kinds of measures that you can plot across centuries that it's improving. That doesn't capture the fact that our world might be this, we might destroy ourselves in very painful ways in the in the in the next century. So I'm with Jared Diamond, you know, in the book Collapse, where he points out studying the collapse of major civilizations, that it often happens right after things appear to never have been better. And in that regard, I mean, there are more known voices that have taken issue with Dr. Pinker. I'm thinking of John Gray, who's a Bri
 are several things that point to more or less the same rate of being able to have meaningful thoughts. For instance, the one that I think is maybe the most penetrating is how fast we can process visual images. How do we do that? If you've ever watched old movies, you can see that, well, any movie, in fact, a motion picture is really not a motion picture. It's a series of snapshots that are playing one after the other and it's because our brains also work that way. We take snapshots of the world, integrate over a certain time and then go on to the next one and then by post processing, create the illusion of continuity and flow, we can deal with that. And if the flicker rate is too slow, then you start to see that it's a series of snapshots and you can ask, what is the crossover? When does it change from being something that is matched to our processing speed versus too fast? And it turns out about 40 per second. And then if you take 40 per second as how well, how fast we can process visual images, you get to several billions of thoughts. I
n then be able to post facto say, this is, let's assign the word life to this kind of matter. I agree with that completely, that's what that's, but that's, so it's not a disagreement. It's very frequent in physics that, or in science, that words that are in common use get refined and reprocessed into scientific terms that's happened for things like force and energy. And so we, in a way, we find out what the useful definition is, or symmetry, for instance. And the common usage may be quite different from the scientific usage, but the scientific usage is special and takes on a life of its own, and we find out what the useful version of it is, the fruitful version of it is. So I do think, so in that spirit, I think if we can identify states of matter or linked states of matter that can carry on processes of self reproduction and development and information processing, we might be tempted to classify those things as life. Well, can I ask you about the craziest one, which is the one we know maybe least about, which is consciousness. Is it possible
 things from recorded music to umbrellas to cars, chess, coffee, and the elevator. Third is 8sleep, a mattress that cools itself, measures heart rate variability, has an app, and has given me yet another reason to look forward to sleep, including the all important power nap. And finally, BetterHelp, online therapy when you want to face your demons with a licensed professional, not just by doing the David Goggins like physical challenges like I seem to do on occasion. Please check out these sponsors in the description to get a discount and to support this podcast. As a side note, let me say that biology in the brain and in the various systems of the body fill me with awe every time I think about how such a chaotic mess coming from its humble origins in the ocean was able to achieve such incredibly complex and robust mechanisms of life that survived despite all the forces of nature that want to destroy it. It is so unlike the computing systems we humans have engineered that it makes me feel that in order to create artificial gen
in terms of energy. You would think. So I actually think your idea of a science fair project gone bad, it makes more sense in that it would explain why if these things are alien technologies, they're just kind of hanging around our aircraft carriers for no particular reason, like not trying to communicate. Can you imagine a scenario where aliens have visited Earth or are visiting Earth and we wouldn't notice it at all? Oh, sure. I mean, if they've got technology to get here, they've probably got technology to conceal the fact that they're trying to conceal themselves. I meant more like they're not trying to conceal themselves, but we're just our cognitive capabilities are like too limited and we are not thinking big enough. We're looking for little green men, we're looking for things that operate at a time scale that's human like, you know. I love thinking about ideas like that. That's great science fiction novel fodder that the aliens are so different that we simply don't see them. Is there, in terms of language, do you think it would be di
constraint. I got that also from Hayek. And what's the title of the book again? It's reprinted in a lot of books at this point. But back then the book was called Individualism and Economic Order. But the essay is online. Hayek, Use of Knowledge in Society. There are open access versions of it through Google. And you don't need the whole book. So it's a very good book. Again, one of those profound looking over the ocean, maybe sitting on a porch, maybe with a drink of some kind. And a young kid comes by and asks you for advice. What advice would you give to? A drink. That's my advice. I'm serious. So, okay, after that, what advice would you give to a young person today as they take on life? Whether a career in academia in general or just a life, which is probably more important than career. Most good advice is context specific. But here are my two generic pieces of advice. Good. First, get a mentor. Both career, but anything you wanna learn. Like say you wanna learn about contemporary art. People write me this. Oh, what book should I read? It's probably
autiful place. It's a beautiful melting pot. You know, if we were all the same, it would be kind of a boring place, right? Kind of boring. It really would. But it's just such a great place. And I just want to say thanks. It's an honor. It's an honor to have someone to let me sound off and it'll be even bigger honor if somebody will listen to me and just say, hey, you know, let me just try to do something good today. And you know, that's the tunnel to towers mantra is let us do good. And I just, you know, I got a really big credit card with God, a big balance, right? I need to pay him back a lot and I need to pay him forward. And I'm just going to spend the rest of my days trying my best. I don't know where this is going to go, what it'll lead into, but I really would like to get those dogs or those vets and build them that village and just keep going on from project to project to just say, when my final day comes and I'm laying there and I say, you know what? I really made the most of that second chance God gave me way back in 2011. I mean, I hope it's 30, 
ids? Yeah. So maybe you could speak to this, but there's a magic to the creative process. Like with Spot, the Boston Dynamics Spot, but really any robot that I've ever worked on, it just feels like the similar kind of joy I imagine I would have as a father. Not the same perhaps level, but like the same kind of wonderment. Like there's exactly this, which is like you know what you had to do initially to get this thing going. Let's speak on the computer science side, like what the program looks like, but something about it doing more than what the program was written on paper is like that somehow connects to the magic of this entire universe. Like that's like, I feel like I found God. Every time I like, it's like, because you've really created something that's living. Yeah. Even if it's a simple program. It has a life of its own, it has the intelligence of its own. It's beyond what you actually thought. Yeah. And that is, I think it's exactly spot on. That's exactly what it's about. You created something and it has a ability to live its life and do goo
actually expands roughly twice a year. Like, every six months it expands by two. So we're looking at a plot from 2010 to 2022. On the x axis is the publication date of the model, and perhaps sometimes the actual paper associated with it. And on the y axis is training, compute, and flops. And so basically this is looking at the increase in the, not transistors, but the computational power of neural networks. Yes, the computational power that created these models. And that's doubled every six months. Which is even faster than transistor division. Yeah. Now actually, since it goes faster than the amount of cost, this has actually become a greater investment to create these. But at any rate, by the time we get to 2045, we'll be able to multiply our intelligence many millions fold. And it's just very hard to imagine what that will be like. And that's the singularity where we can't even imagine. Right, that's why we call it the singularity. Because the singularity in physics, something gets sucked into its singularity and you can't tell what's going on in there b
mena that help you in towards, can you say the definition again? So multiple environments. Did you mention the word goals? No, but we have an alternative definition. Instead of performing well, you can just replace it by goals. So intelligence measures an agent's ability to achieve goals in a wide range of environments. That's more or less equal. But interesting, because in there, there's an injection of the word goals. So we want to specify there should be a goal. Yeah, but perform well is sort of, what does it mean? It's the same problem. Yeah. There's a little bit gray area, but it's much closer to something that could be formalized. In your view, are humans, where do humans fit into that definition? Are they general intelligence systems that are able to perform in, like how good are they at fulfilling that definition at performing well in multiple environments? Yeah, that's a big question. I mean, the humans are performing best among all species. We know of, yeah. Depends. You could say that trees and plants are doing a better job. They'll probab
rated all kinds of devices that we have now, they envisioned it first and it's a great motivator to think about things like that. And I, so one, and again, being a computational scientist and trying to build intelligent agents, what I would like to do is have a simulation where the agents actually evolve communication, not just communication, we've done that, people have done that many times, that they communicate, they signal and so on, but actually develop a language. And language means grammar, it means all these social structures and on top of that, grammatical structures. And we do it under various conditions and actually try to identify what conditions are necessary for it to come out. And then we can start asking that kind of questions. Are those languages that emerge in those different simulated environments, are they understandable to us? Can we somehow make a translation? We can make it a concrete question. So machine translation of evolved languages. And so like languages that evolve come up with, can we translate, like I ha
ly in your mind. Yeah, even with the tensions we've had with this one nuclear power plant that's been taken over, it's very tense, but I don't actually see a lot of people worrying that that's gonna happen. I think we'll avoid that. We had two nuclear bombs go off in 45, so now we're 77 years later. Yeah, we're doing pretty good. We've never had another one go off through anger. People forget the lessons of history. Well, yeah, I mean, I am worried about it. I mean, that is definitely a challenge. But you believe that we'll make it out and ultimately superintelligent AI will help us make it out as opposed to destroy us. I think so, but we do have to be mindful of these dangers. And there are other dangers besides nuclear weapons, so. So to get back to merging with AI, will we be able to upload our mind in a computer in a way where we might even transcend the constraints of our bodies? So copy our mind into a computer and leave the body behind? Let me describe one thing I've already done with my father. That's a great story. So we created a technology, t
 have to worry about. We have to worry about privacy and about how it impacts false beliefs in the world. And we have real problems and things to worry about with today's AI. And that will continue as we create more intelligent systems. There's no question, the whole issue about making intelligent armaments and weapons is something that really we have to think about carefully. I don't think of those as existential threats. I think those are the kind of threats we always face and we'll have to face them here and we'll have to deal with them. We could talk about what people think are the existential threats, but when I hear people talking about them, they all sound hollow to me. They're based on ideas, they're based on people who really have no idea what intelligence is. And if they knew what intelligence was, they wouldn't say those things. So those are not experts in the field. Yeah, so there's two, right? So one is like super intelligence. So a system that becomes far, far superior in reasoning ability than us humans. How is that an exist
somewhere. So I've blown a hell of a lot of time on that over the years. By the way, a lot of those kind of problems are very difficult to prove something about. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think Uber did it because someone, one of my friends who knows of my interest in this and who likes to give me a hard time sent me a link. This is a couple of years ago to some code base that I think came out of Uber where they had done this. You break down the whole surface of the earth into little hexagons. So that was a real knife through the heart. But I'll probably come back to it someday. Is there something special about hexagons or are you interested in all kinds of tiling? Well, I'm interested in all kinds of tiling, but I know my limitations as a math guy. So hexagons are about my speed. Just sufficient amount of complexity. Yeah. Yeah. But no, tiling is a really interesting problem. Both two and three dimensional tiling problems are fascinating and they're one of those ancient puzzles that has attracted brainiacs for centuries. Let me ask you a lit
ut also construct tools that are way bigger than the evolutionary origins we came from. Right, and by the way, the fact that we can design such things and they work is an extraordinary demonstration that we really do understand a lot. And then in some ways. And it's our ability to answer questions that also leads us to be able to address more ambitious questions. So you mentioned at the Big Bang in the early days, things are pretty homogeneous. Yes. But here we are, sitting on Earth, two hairless apes, you could say, with microphones. In talking about the brief history of things, you said it's much harder to describe Sweden than it is the universe. So there's a lot of complexity. There was a lot of interesting details here. So how does this complexity come to be, do you think? It seems like there's these pockets. Yeah. We don't know how rare of like where hairless apes emerge. Yeah. And then that came from the initial soup that was homogeneous. Was that an accident? Well, we understand in broad outlines how it could happen. We certainly don't
d to see it. Not self obsessed, but our tools, our frameworks of thinking would not detect it. As a good movie, Arrival and so on, where Stephen Wolfram and his son, I think were part of developing this alien language of how aliens would communicate with humans. Do you ever think about that kind of stuff where if humans and aliens would be able to communicate with each other, like if we met each other at some, okay, we could do SETI, which is communicating from across a very big distance, but also just us, if you did a podcast with an alien, do you think we'd be able to find a common language and a common methodology of communication? I think from a computational perspective, the way to ask that is you have very fundamentally different creatures, agents that are created, would they be able to find a common language? Yes, I do think about that. I mean, I think a lot of people who are in computing, they, and AI in particular, they got into it because they were fascinated with science fiction and all of these options. I mean, Star Trek gene
g about years, generations of doing the same thing over and over and over again. Do you admire that kind of sticking to the, we talked about our admiration of the weird. That doesn't feel weird. That seems like discipline and dedication to like a stoic minimalism or something like that. I'm happy they do it, but I actually feel bad about it. I feel they're sacrificial victims to me, which I benefit from. But don't you ever think like, gee, you're a great master sushi chef. Wouldn't you be happier if you did something else? Doesn't seem to happen. That might be something that a weird mind would think. Maybe it is weird people, and maybe they're really enjoying it, but like to learn how to pack rice for 10 years before they let you do anything else. It's like these Indian, you know, sarod players. They just spent five years tapping out rhythms before they're allowed to touch their instruments. Well, actually to defend that. It's kind of like graduate school, right? Well, I think graduate school, perhaps. Graduate school is full of, like every single day 
to abandon him. I mean, I mean, being in time is, is awesome. Um, but here's an interesting thing and not to get all academic, but, you know, it's, there's two parts to it. And most of the, most philosophers are preoccupied with the first part. It's in the second part where he gets into all the flight from death stuff and this idea of, you know, a turning and philosophers don't like that. And I'm like, this is where he's starting to really shine, to really shine for me. So, yeah. Yeah. All right. That's a beautiful set of books. So what, um, advice would you give to a young person today about their career, about life, about, uh, how to survive in this world full of suffering? Yeah. Great. Um, my advice is to get competent advice. That's what I tell my students that don't listen to me. Don't listen to me. Well, you know, I think, um, my, my big piece of advice these days is, you know, again, it's at the risk of sounding like a simpleton, but it's to emphasize a few things. One is, um, you know, so, uh, one of your questions I think was, you know, what's the meaning of life. And
rom the world, what would that problem be? That's a great question. I don't know if I'm cheating in saying this, but I think the thing I would most want to change is just the fact that people don't actually care about ensuring the long run future goes well. People don't really care about future generations. They don't think about it. It's not part of their aims. In some sense, you're not cheating at all because in speaking the way you do, in writing the things you're writing, you're doing, you're addressing exactly this aspect. Exactly. That is your input into the effective altruism movement. So for that, Will, thank you so much. It's an honor to talk to you. I really enjoyed it. Thanks so much for having me on. If that were the case, we'd probably be pretty generous. Next round's on me, but that's effectively the situation we're in all the time. It's like a 99% off sale or buy one get 99 free. Might be the most amazing deal you'll see in your life. Thank you for listening and hope to see you next time. or is that some kind of societal force? What's the nature 
ust enjoy your destruction. And I think they're the ones that care for you. I think they're a criticism for my, see, I haven't met them directly, so it's like a friend of a friend. Yeah, they gave him a telephone. Yeah, a bit of a, and the whole point is that in psychedelics, and certainly at DMT, word, this is where the brain data versus word data fails, which is, you know, words can't convey the experience. Most people that, you can be poetic and so on, but it really does not convey the experience of what it actually means to meet the Ls. I mean, to me, what baselines this conversation is, imagine if we were interested in the health of your heart, and we started and said, okay, Lex, self interest back, tell me how's the health of your heart. And you sit there and you close your eyes and you think, feels all right, like things feel okay. And then you went to the cardiologist and the cardiologist is like, hey Lex, you know, tell me how you feel. You're like, well, actually, what I'd really like you to do is do an EKG and a blood panel and look at arterial
 developers, it's people from all over the world. I mean, I'm Russian, so everybody in Russia is really interested. There's a huge number of programmers who are interested in machine learning, India, China, South America, everywhere. There's just millions of people who are interested in machine learning. So how big do you get a sense that the number of people is that are interested from your perspective? I think the number has grown over time. I think it's one of those things that maybe it feels like it came out of nowhere, but it's an insight that building it, it took years. It's one of those overnight successes that took years to get there. My first foray into this type of online education was when we were filming my Stanford class and sticking the videos on YouTube and some other things. We had uploaded the horrors and so on, but it's basically the one hour, 15 minute video that we put on YouTube. And then we had four or five other versions of websites that I had built, most of which you would never have heard of because they reached sma
e at all? Yeah, I have a lot of thoughts on that. And is it useful or is it just a side effect of us? It's interesting to think about. I don't think it's useful as a means to figure out how to build intelligent machines. It's something that systems do and we can talk about what it is that are like, well, if I build a system like this, then it would be self aware. Or if I build it like this, it wouldn't be self aware. So that's a choice I can have. It's not like, oh my God, it's self aware. I can't turn, I heard an interview recently with this philosopher from Yale, I can't remember his name, I apologize for that. But he was talking about, well, if these computers are self aware, then it would be a crime to unplug them. And I'm like, oh, come on, that's not, I unplug myself every night, I go to sleep. Is that a crime? I plug myself in again in the morning and there I am. So people get kind of bent out of shape about this. I have very definite, very detailed understanding or opinions about what it means to be conscious and what it means to be self aware. I 
Well, I mean, I don't know, Messi's been absolutely mediocre since he's left Barcelona. These are strong words. He scored, what, two goals in PSG season this year? They're out of the Champions League. What about Mohamed Salah? You posted about him. Is he climbing up to be someone? I think he should win the Ballon dOr this year. He probably should have won it last year as well. He's been absolutely outstanding, but I mean, just people are so crazy about Messi. They keep giving him accolades. He hasn't deserved, I think, Messi the last couple of Ballon dOrs that he got. I mean, he's a great player and everything, but no, he did not deserve it last year. We can agree to disagree. There's something. Do you think you're a Barca fan or a Messi fan? I would say, no, I wouldn't say I'm a Barca fan, but a Barca fan because of Messi, and I just, I think it's like, there's certain things. So when I was growing up in the Soviet Union, Russia, I remember Maradona, he was the first person I saw that I was like, oh, wow, this could be, this is greatness in sport, not just footba
that you wouldn't afford when you're doing reinforcement learning. There's very few things as entertaining as watching either evolutionary computation or reinforcement learning teaching a simulated robot to walk. Maybe there's a higher level question that could be asked here, but do you find this whole space of applications in the robotics interesting for evolution computation? Yeah, yeah, very much. And indeed, there are fascinating videos of that. And that's actually one of the examples where you can contrast the difference. Between reinforcement learning and evolution. Yes, so if you have a reinforcement learning agent, it tries to be conservative because it wants to walk as long as possible and be stable. But if you have evolutionary computation, it can afford these agents that go haywire. They fall flat on their face and they could take a step and then they jump and then again fall flat. And eventually what comes out of that is something like a falling that's controlled. You take another step and another step and you no longer 
ow in Silicon Valley a lot of startup failures come from building other products that no one wanted so when you know cool technology but who's going to use it so I think I tend to be very outcome driven and customer obsessed ultimately we don't get to vote if we succeed or fail it's only the customer that they're the only one that gets a thumbs up or thumbs down vote in the long term in the short term you know there are various people that get various votes but in the long term that's what really matters so as you build the startup you have to constantly ask the question will the customer give a thumbs up on this I think so I think startups that are very customer focused customer obsessed deeply understand the customer and are oriented to serve the customer are more likely to succeed with the provisional I think all of us should only do things that we think create social good and moves the world forward so I personally don't want to build addictive digital products just to sell a lot of ads or you know there are th
olitics, normal social democratic politics from the European case or from the American case, but they are not asking to eliminate capitalism, blaming capitalism, blaming markets and private property. So this rift among the socialists, the ones who are for elimination of capitalism, transcending capitalism, otherwise you could never, ever get to abundance and freedom in the Marxist schema versus those who accept capitalism, but want to regulate and redistribute. That rift on the left has been with us almost from the beginning. It's a kind of civil war on the left between the Leninists and the social democrats or the revisionists as they're known pejoratively by the Leninists. We have the same confusion today in the world today where people also cite Marx saying capitalism is a dead end and we need to drop that nuclear bomb and get freedom, get no civilian casualties versus those who say, yes, there are inequities. There's a lack of equality of opportunity. There are many other issues that we need to deal with and we can fix those 
lly in wrestling, people who really try to find a way to use anger, to get really angry at their opponent. Not like stupid anger, but just like. Intense, pointed anger distilled into something that you can use as fuel. And like, I remember this story. I don't know where I read it. Might be Wrestling Tough, where a person was imagining that their opponent just raped their mother, raped their girlfriend or something like that, to create this like method acting thing in their head to be like, to snap them out of this polite interaction of usual like athletic convention and like. You know, that's a design of necessity. So my anecdote for this was, I was sitting with backstage before a fight, not my fight. And I'm working with this guy and this dude is, this is a world champion guy. And he's competed at the highest levels. And he looks at me and he goes, you know, do you ever get nervous before fights? And I looked at him and I went, no, I don't. And he just looks at me and he's like, fuck man, I'm so nervous. You know, how do you do it, man? Or, you know, 
ly shitty equipment collecting data. And so you have the blurry Bigfoot kind of situation where you have just bad video and all those kinds of things. As opposed to, I mean, there's a bunch of people, Avi Lo from Harvard talking about Oumuamua. It's just like people with the equipment to do the data collection don't want to help out. And that creates a kind of divide where the scientists ignore that this is happening and there's the masses of people who are curious about it. And then there's the government that's full of secrets that's leaking some confusion and it creates distrust in the government, it creates distrust in science and it prevents the scientists from being able to explore some cool topics, some exciting possibilities that they should be, be curious kids like Avi talks about. Even if it has nothing to do with aliens, whatever the answer is, it has to be something fascinating. We already know everything's interesting, but this is fascinating. But look, that all said, I suspect they're not of alien origin. And let me tell yo
he conditions and try out conditions that are conducive to that. For evolution to discover that, that took a long time. For us to recreate it probably won't take that long. And the next steps from there, I think also with some handholding, I think we can make that happen. But with evolution, what was really fascinating was eventually the runaway evolution of the brain that created humans and created, well, also other higher animals, that that was something that happened really fast. And that's a big question. Is that something replicable? Is that something that can happen? And if it happens, does it go in the same direction? That is a big question to ask. Even in computational terms, I think that it's relatively possible to come up here, create an experiment where we look at the primordial soup and the first couple of steps of multicellular organisms even. But to get something as complex as the brain, we don't quite know the conditions for that. And how do you even get started and whether we can get this kind of runaway evolution happe
 we're impressed. Oh, I don't know. The sunset last night was a little unrealistic. Yeah. Yeah. The graphics. Exactly. Come on, NVIDIA. To zoom back out, we've been talking about the genetic origins of diseases, but I think it's fascinating to talk about what are the most important diseases to understand and especially as it connects to the things that you're working on. So it's very difficult to think about important diseases to understand. There's many metrics of importance. One is lifestyle impact. I mean, if you look at COVID, the impact on lifestyle has been enormous. So understanding COVID is important because it has impacted the wellbeing in terms of ability to have a job, ability to have an apartment, ability to go to work, ability to have a mental circle of support and all of that for millions of Americans, like huge, huge impact. So that's one aspect of importance. So basically mental disorders, Alzheimer's has a huge importance in the wellbeing of Americans. Whether or not it kills someone for many, many years, it has a huge impact. So t
much for talking today. Thanks, Lex. We'll do it again soon, I hope. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Sheldon Solomon. And thank you to our sponsors, Blinkist, ExpressVPN, and CashApp. Click the links in the description to get a discount. It's the best way to support this podcast. If you enjoy this thing, subscribe on YouTube, review it with Five Star Snapper Podcast, follow on Spotify, support on Patreon, or connect with me on Twitter at Lex Friedman. And now let me leave you with some words from Vladimir Nabokov that Sheldon uses in his book, Warm at the Core. The cradle rocks above an abyss, and common sense tells us that our existence is but a brief crack of light between two eternities of darkness. Thanks for listening, and hope to see you next time. neoliberal economics. Can you linger on that a little bit? Can you describe his philosophy again as view of the world and what neoliberal economics is? Yeah, let me translate it in English. So basically on all these days, anybody who says I'm a conservative free market type, yo
uality and also to our inability to peacefully coexist with other folks who don't share our beliefs. So I would put Ernest Becker out there as one. Um, I also like novels a lot. And here I was like, God damn it. No matter what I say, I'm going to be like, yes, but, but the existentialists, do you like all those folks? Come on. You like that literary existential? I do. But I mean, you know, I, I've read all those books. I will tell you the last line of the plague. We learn in times of pestilence that there's more to admire in men than to despise. And I love that. Yeah. Plagues such a, I don't know. I, I find the plague is a brilliant before, before, uh, the plague has come to us in 2020. I, it was just a book about love about, but I'll toss a one that may be less known to folks. I'm enamored with a novel by a woman named Carson McCullers written in 1953 called clock without hands. And I find it a brilliant literary depiction of many of the ideas that we have spoken about. Fiction? Fiction. Yeah. What's, uh, what kind of ideas are we talking about? Oh, it, it, all of th
ll interesting dynamic of it. So it's not just about the individual people, somehow like the concert that we played together. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So. That's kind of interesting. And there's a lot of peculiar aspects of that, that, um, I wonder if they're fundamental or just quirks of evolution, whether it's, whether it's death, whether it's love, whether all those things, I wonder if they're, um, from an engineer perspective when we're trying to create that intelligent toaster that listens for the, for the slam door and this, and the smell of burning toast, whether, uh, that toaster should be afraid of death and should fall in love just like we do, you know, you're a fascinating human being. You've impacted the lives of millions of people. It's a huge honor that you would spend your valuable time with me today. Thank you so much. Thank you for coming down to beautiful, hot Texas. And thank you for talking today. It was a pleasure and I'm glad I came and did it. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Neal Stephenson to support this podcast. Please ch
 bluster about wanting to move to a proof of stake system, Ethereum have been saying this since 2014. It's now been eight years that they've been talking about it. We still haven't seen the proof of stake system operational in the wild. It's vaporware for all practical and intentional. Oh, Cardano's proof of stake. It's potential. I mean, you can do it in a centralized way, but can it survive? Can it last for a long time? I don't think so. I think it can last perhaps initially with marketing, with centralized marketing, you can promote it. But ultimately, user demand, the people that are not interested in speculating because they want to get rich on this, the people that are going to use it, they're going to want to use it because they can trust that it is not going to be messed with. Yes, but there's also applications. That's also a lightning network. But there's applications on top. Well, the reason I'm interested in things like Ethereum is you might think it's ridiculous. I thought it was ridiculous, but NFTs. So you can have NFTs probably on top of B
hich is that what you're doing is you're offering only one way for this problem to be solved and making all other solutions practically illegal. You're taking taxpayer money, you're putting guns to people's heads to take their money, to use it to build, say, this one solution for a power plant, but you're preventing the free market process from providing us with other alternatives. Well, so you phrased it sort of from that perspective, but in theory, there is a feedback accountability mechanism for the solution that you propose and enforce by, as you're saying, placing a gun to people's head. You're accountable for that choice, for the quality of that solution, by being voted out if the solution is actually bad. So it's just a different selection mechanism. And I think, I personally believe it is a selection mechanism that has worked in the past. It just often does not work nearly as well as a free market. And the question is, are there domains in which the free market gets itself into trouble? So this theoretical view is that that's the poi
idual. It may not be the same impairment, but it's likely to be an impairment. But to come back to the question, I think it's wrong to tell anyone that it's wrong to do what they're doing, even if they are compromising their sleep, even if they're compromising their mental health. As long as they're not hurting anyone else, then I think the answer is that's that person's choice. Yeah, but that's that person's life. I'd like to push back further. So see, the way you kind of said it, yes, you're absolutely right. But I would like to say a stronger statement, which is you should let go of that judgment of somebody is wrong and allow yourself to be inspired by the great heights they have reached. So take yourself out of the seat of being a judger of what is healthy or not, and appreciate the greatness of a particular human. You watch the Olympics, the kind of things that some athletes do to reach the very heights. The Olympics are taking years off of their life. They suffer depression after the Olympics often. The physiology is disastrous. Everythin
beings, there's a person that gets annoyed, there's a person that enjoys disagreement, there's a person that enjoys collaboration. And you can emphasize all of those different things, each of those different things, weigh it differently in your online interaction. There's some aspects of online interaction that encourages, in different communities, online interaction is one community that encourages kind of derision and mockery and so on. So you can choose if you want to engage that part of yourself or some other part of yourself. Economics is another community that enjoys being like very straightforward about their disagreements, pretty harsh. It's fun to watch because it feels like you arrive at the truth much faster because you tear each other apart. But that's a choice, that's a deliberate choice. And I don't want to label an entire community of people by its extremes, I don't think you should do that. But there's cultural characteristics you start to notice when you go to France, it's a certain way. When you go to Britain, London is di
ion is, once you have a super physicist, will they be able to understand something? Do you have a sense that it will be orders of math, like us compared to ants? Could we ever understand it? Yeah. Most people cannot understand general relativity. It's a really hard thing to get. I mean, yeah, you can paint it in a fuzzy picture, stretchy space, you know? But the field equations to do that and the deep intuitions are really, really hard. And I've tried, I'm unable to do it. Like it's easy to get special relativity, but general relativity, man, that's too much. And so we already live with this to some extent. The vast majority of people can't understand actually what the vast majority of other people actually know. We're just, either we don't have the effort to, or we can't, or we don't have time, or just not smart enough, whatever. But we have ways of communicating. Einstein has spoken in a way that I can understand. He's given me analogies that are useful. I can use those analogies from my own work and think about concepts that are similar. It's not stup
he? Is he in the top 100 for people? I don't think so. He's not brought up that often. Because again... Like your work is brought up more often. Yeah. I think he's one of the great philosophers of the 20th century. So what we say, Lex, is that our goal, certainly when we first started and now just as much actually, but what I say at all my talks is, look, if these ideas have interest you enough to go read Ernest Becker, then this has been good. I consider him to be one of the most important voices of the 20th century who does not get the attention that he deserves. Similarly, our work I believe to be important because point by point we provide empirical corroboration for all of the claims. So that's literally the students that read The Denial of Death and then Escape from Evil. They're like, yeah, wow, every chapter of the book, you have studies. And I'm like, yeah, because for 40 years, if a Skidmore student said, oh, that's gotta be bullshit. I'm like, well, let's do a study. Let's do a study. And my own dreams are in creating robots and artificial intelligence 
hat's the dilemma. That's the really difficult thing to do. So we're facing that right now. So ideally what you'd wanna do is find some steps along the way that you can get there incrementally. You don't have to like throw it all out and start over again. The first thing that we've done is we focus on the sparse representations. So just in case you don't know what that means or some of the listeners don't know what that means, in the brain, if I have like 10,000 neurons, what you would see is maybe 2% of them active at a time. You don't see 50%, you don't see 30%, you might see 2%. And it's always like that. For any set of sensory inputs? It doesn't matter if anything, doesn't matter any part of the brain. But which neurons differs? Which neurons are active? Yeah, so let's say I take 10,000 neurons that are representing something. They're sitting there in a little block together. It's a teeny little block of neurons, 10,000 neurons. And they're representing a location, they're representing a cup, they're representing the input from my sensors. I don't know, it doesn't matter. It's repre
und in the way that humans like to be. It's like you have to embrace that this whole thing is like unsteady mess. It's one of many lessons in humility that we run into in profound understanding of the world. The Copernican revolution was one, that the earth is not the center of the universe. Darwinian evolution is another, that humans are not the pinnacle of God's creation and the apparent result of deep understanding of physical reality, that mind emerges from matter and there's no call on special life forces or souls. These are all lessons in humility, and I actually find complementarity a liberating concept. It's, okay, you know, we... Yeah, it is in a way. That is what I remember. There's a story about Dr. Johnson, and he's talking with Boswell, and Boswell was, they were discussing a sermon that they'd both heard, and the sort of culmination of the sermon was the speaker saying, I accept the universe. And Dr. Johnson said, well, damn well better. And there's a certain joy in accepting the universe because it's mind expanding. And to me, compleme
hematically, philosophically, what's the relationship in your eyes, if you're familiar with it, between AXI and the Ghetto Machines? Yeah, familiar with it. He developed it while I was in his lab. Yeah, so the Ghetto Machine, to explain it briefly, you give it a task. It could be a simple task as, you know, finding prime factors in numbers, right? You can formally write it down. There's a very slow algorithm to do that. Just try all the factors, yeah. Or play chess, right? Optimally, you write the algorithm to minimax to the end of the game. So you write down what the Ghetto Machine should do. Then it will take part of its resources to run this program and other part of its resources to improve this program. And when it finds an improved version, which provably computes the same answer. So that's the key part, yeah. It needs to prove by itself that this change of program still satisfies the original specification. And if it does so, then it replaces the original program by the improved program. And by definition, it does the same job, but just fas
and other places. But Stalin, just casually thinking, it seemed like Stalin decided to go, all right, well, we're not gonna go just start launching right into more conflicts here. We're gonna, these dudes are going down, so that's cool for us, because they hate us and we hate them. But now we're gonna focus internally, and then we're gonna work on growing at a slower rate and picking our battles a bit more specifically. And of course there's, you can get to the, even this is after Stalin, but you got the Bezmenov type stuff talking about subversion in cultural aspects. Yeah, I mean, there's this fascinating dynamics to propaganda throughout the whole period that's. Yeah, it's a whole nother kernel, yeah. Do you think Hitler could have been stopped? One of the things that's kind of fascinating to look at is how many nations, both journalists and nations, wanted, almost craved to take Hitler at his word that he wanted peace until it was too late. They almost wanted to delude themselves. I mean, the same is true with the Stalin, people wanted to take S
eir eyes from the engineer perspective. Not these folks. They're like, because again, I saw your name and they're like, wait a minute, I've just seen that. They're like, here's someone. You should check out. Yeah. So this was a delightful conference. Yeah. I was a huge fan of your work and Ernest Becker. And it's funny that not enough people are talking about it. I don't know what to do with that. I think that there's a possibility to create real deep, meaningful connections between AI systems and humans. Absolutely. And I think some of these things of fear mortality are essential, are essential for the element of human experience. I don't, I don't think it might be essential to create general intelligence, like very intelligent machines, but to create a machine that connects to human in some deep way. What's your view, not to make me the interviewer, but what's your view about machine ethics? Can you imagine an ethical AI without some semblance of finitude, let's say? Well, I think ethics is a, there's a trolley problem that's often used in the work that
 like it's a nice idea. And Keynes, of course, being a huckster himself, he himself said this was, he wrote a letter to the Bank of England that was uncovered recently. And he said, I congratulate you on this masterly manipulation. I quote it in the book. Masterly manipulation is what he called it. That they basically managed to buy the bonds using the money of the government. And of course, he never had an idea of how economics works because he never could ask the question of, okay, and then what? All right, so we just printed money to buy two thirds of these government bonds. What's gonna happen next? What could go wrong? Not a question Keynesians ask themselves because their jobs depend on not thinking about what's going to go wrong. So a quick question about war. And as somebody who's been nonstop reading and thinking about the wars of the 20th century and thinking that most of those wars were unjust, unethical, and destructive, how else do you find, how would you finance a war? So. Ideally you don't. No, but I mean, of course there are, some
dy a Marxist should not be a thing that shuts down all conversation. No, that's right. And the fact is, I'm sympathetic with Jordan's dismissal of the folks, the talking heads these days who spew Marxist words. To me, it's like fashionable nonsense. Do you know that book that the physicists wrote mocking? You're too young. So in the 20 or so years, we're all pretty young. Well, yeah, that's right. But I think there were these NYU physicists, they wrote a paper just mocking the kind of literary postmodern types. And it was, oh, those kinds of, yeah, it was just nonsense. And of course it was made the lead article. And you know, my point is Marx wouldn't be a Marxist. True. I have read and listened to some of the work of Richard Wolff. He speaks pretty eloquently about Marxism. I like him. He's one of the only, you know, one of the only people speaking about a lot about Marxism and the way we are now in a serious way, in a sort of saying, you know, what are the flaws of capitalism? Not saying like, yeah, basically sounding very different. People should check 
going to a bad time to a very bad time. Yeah. And so it's definitely true. And it's funny how sleep can just cure all of that. There's actually a beautiful quote by an American entrepreneur called E. Joseph Kosman, who once said that the best bridge between despair and hope is a good night's sleep. And I spilled quite so much ink and hundreds of pages in elegantly trying to say the same thing in my book. And he said it in one line and it's beautiful. What do you think is, we've been talking about how to extend this life, how to make it a good life. We've been talking about love. What do you think is the meaning of this whole ride? Of life? Of life. Why do we wanna make it a good one? Do you think there's a meaning? Do you think there's a answer to the why? For me personally, I think the meaning of life is to eat, is to sleep, is to fall in love, is to cry, and then to die. Oh, and probably race cars in between. Race cars. Well, there's a whole topic of sex we didn't talk about. So that's probably in there. Should we do that? Maybe if you'll have me back
y will religate in whatever was proximal. You now have glued the red noodle that was crossing the blue noodle to each other. You then reverse the glue, the glue goes away and you just sequence the heck out of it. Most of the time you'll find red segment with, you know, red segment, but you can specifically select for ligation events that have happened that were not from the same segment by sort of marking them in a particular way and then selecting those and then you sequence and you look for red with blue matches of sort of things that were glued that were not immediate proximal to each other. And that reveals the linking of the blue noodle and the red noodle. You're with me so far? Yeah. Good. So we've done these experiments. That's the physical. That's the physical. That's step one of the physical. And what the physical revealed is topologically associated domains, basically big blocks of the genome that are topologically connected together. That's the physical. The second one is the genetic links. It basically says across individua
genome wide association studies between genetic variation and disease. We're now building that at the cell level, where for every cell, we can relate the unique specific genome of that cell with the expression patterns of that cell, and the predicted function using these predictive models that I mentioned before on this regulation for cognition for pathology in Alzheimer's at the cell level. And what we're finding is that the genes that are altered and the genetic regions that are altered in common variants versus rare variants versus somatic variants are actually very different from each other. The somatic variants are pointing to neuronal energetics and oligodendrocyte functions that are not visible in the genetic legions that you find for the common variants, probably because they have too strong of an effect that evolution is just not tolerating them on the common side of the allele frequency spectrum. So the somatic one, that's the variation that happens after the zygote, after you individual. I mean, this is a dumb que
out the difference between a gun and a sword. I'll tell you one little anecdote. There was a Spartan king, I don't know which one it was, but at one point they showed him a new invention and it could launch a bolt that would kill someone at a range of 200 yards. And the king wept and said, alas, valor is no more. Because their point of view of war, it was highly ritualized, as you know, and the code of honor was that you were not supposed to be able to kill another person unless you yourself were in equal danger of being killed. And any other way of doing that, even bow and arrow was considered less than manly and less than honorable. And maybe we should go back to that because at least it makes the stakes real and true. Not that we could. Not that's the point. You were in the Marine Corps, so we talk about the real, the bloody conflicts that you've written about, many of them. So let me ask a personal question. Have you, sort of as a writing and in general, have you thought about what it takes to kill a person if you yourself could do it 
time in a very big world in a very short, brief moment in this long history. In your book, Fundamentals, 10 Keys to Reality, I'd really recommend people read it. You say that space and time are pretty big or very big. How big are we talking about? Can you tell a brief history of space and time? It's easy to tell a brief history, but the details get very involved, of course, but one thing I'd like to say is that if you take a broad enough view, the history of the universe is simpler than the history of Sweden, say, because your standards are lower. But just to make it quantitative, I'll just give a few highlights. And it's a little bit easier to talk about time, so let's start with that. The Big Bang occurred, we think. The universe was much hotter and denser and more uniform about 13.8 billion years ago, and that's what we call the Big Bang. And it's been expanding and cooling, the matter in it has been expanding and cooling ever since. So in a real sense, the universe is 13.8 billion years old. That's a big number, kind of hard to think about. A nice way t
hink the challenge really is getting to a stage where we have a society that is as conducive as possible to rational reflection, to deliberation. I think we're actually very lucky to be in a liberal society where people are able to discuss a lot of ideas and so on. I think when we look to the future, that's not at all guaranteed that society would be like that, rather than a society where there's a fixed canon of values that are being imposed on all of society, and where you aren't able to question that. That would be very bad from my perspective, because it means we wouldn't be able to figure out what the truth is. I can already sense we're going to go down a million tangents, but what do you think is the... If Twitter is not optimal, what kind of mechanism in this modern age of technology can we design where the exchange of ideas could be both civilized and productive, and yet not be too constrained where there's rules of what you can say and can't say, which is, as you say, is not desirable, but yet not have some limits as to what c
 knows it, although I'll put a caveat on that too because it's a slightly dangerous point. So the recommendation for the average adult and who, where is the average adult in society? There is no such thing. But for the average adult, it would be probably cutting yourself off maybe 10 hours before. So assuming a normative bedtime in society, I would say try to stop drinking caffeine before 2 p.m. and just keep an eye out. And if you're struggling with sleep, dial down the caffeine and see if it makes a difference. Can I ask you about sleep and learning? So how does sleep affect learning? Sleep before learning, sleep after learning, which are both fascinating kind of dynamics of the mind's interaction with this extra conscious state. Yeah, sleep is profoundly and very intimately related to your memory systems and your informational systems. The first is you just mentioned is that sleep before learning will essentially prepare your brain almost like a dry sponge ready to sort of, you know, initially soak up new information. In other words, yo
eople that are now, as you're saying, opposed to Putin, nevertheless, maybe you can correct me, but it feels like there's, structurally is deeply corrupt. So each of the people we're talking about are, don't feel like a George Washington. Once again, the circumstances don't permit them to act that way necessarily, right? George Washington did great things, but in certain circumstances. A lot of the state officials in Russia for certain are corrupt. There's no question. Many of them, however, are patriotic and many of them feel badly about where the country has been going. They would prefer that the country was less corrupt. They would prefer that there were greater investment in all sorts of areas of Russia. They might even themselves steal less if they could be guaranteed that everybody else would steal less. There's a deep and abiding patriotism inside Russia, as well as inside the Russian regime. So they understand that Putin in many ways rescued the Russian state from the chaos of the 1990s. They understand that Russia was in very bad shape
ll audiences, but that allowed me to iterate, allowed my team and me to iterate, to learn what are the ideas that work and what doesn't. For example, one of the features I was really excited about and really proud of was build this website where multiple people could be logged into the website at the same time. So today, if you go to a website, if you are logged in and then I want to log in, you need to log out because it's the same browser, the same computer. But I thought, well, what if two people say you and me were watching a video together in front of a computer? What if a website could have you type your name and password, have me type my name and password, and then now the computer knows both of us are watching together and it gives both of us credit for anything we do as a group. Influencers feature rolled it out in a high school in San Francisco. We had about 20 something users. Where's the teacher there? Sacred Heart Cathedral Prep, the teacher is great. I mean, guess what? Zero people use this feature. It turns out people study
 standard is you need to stack as much Bitcoin as you can, because this is the best money that has ever been invented. And we'll talk about that, why Bitcoin is the hardest money. Yeah. But with fiat, the conclusion of the fiat standard, and again, this is not financial advice, I'm a lowly academic, you shouldn't listen to me on issues of money, but I think theoretically and intellectually, the conclusion of the fiat system is you need to be short fiat as much as you can. That's the smart winning move. So human wisdom over thousands of years is to save, try and not borrow as much as you can, try and accumulate as much savings as you can. That's reversed under fiat. If you're saving money, you're just subsidizing everybody else taking on loans. If you're taking on loans, you're benefiting from all the people that are borrowing. So the winning move under the fiat system, and this is what rich people do, is you borrow. Rich people under the fiat monetary system, they don't hold assets. If you're worth a billion dollars today, you don't have a billion 
with it. And that's different from strength and weakness, at least the way I look at it. Like strength is choosing, regardless of the difficulty, to make improvements. Strength is even choosing to acknowledge that you do lack. And accept it and then make a decision what to do with it. Yeah, but there's also, there's a bunch of stuff that just like you said, it's what you're drawn to. There's an honesty to just grappling that it seems more real than anything else you can do. Sure, well and also. And that's where the passion and love can come from. Yeah, I mean, being in an environment, hopefully, that is as true as possible, would be a starter. So, it's hard to be a bullshit person when you're literally trying to tear each other's arms off. Yeah. You know, you really sort of see who somebody is. I also feel like you really get to see somebody who, there are a couple instances where you really see who people are on the mats and in the bedroom. So, even the aspect of self betterment, growth along a path. I mean, hell, that's part of the divisive capture fo
leep. Caffeine can make it harder to stay asleep. But let's say that you are one of those individuals and I think you are, and you can say, look, I can have three or four espressos with dinner and I fall asleep just fine and I stay asleep soundly across the night. So there's no problem. The downside there is that even if that is true, the amount of deep sleep that you get will not be as deep. And so you will actually lose somewhere between 10 to 30% of your deep sleep if you drink caffeine in the evening. So to give you some context, to drop your deep sleep by let's say 20%, I'd probably have to age you by 15 years, or you could do it every night with a cup of coffee. I think the fourth component that is perhaps less well understood about coffee is its timing, and that's why I was saying the timing and the dose make the poison. The dose, by the way, once you get past about three cups of coffee a day, the health benefits actually start to turn down in the opposite direction. So there is a U shape function. It's sort of the Goldilocks syndrome, not
people. And you can't use normal profit and loss and price incentives, so you get all prices or most prices set too low, right? Shortages everywhere, people trade favors, you have this culture of bartered bribes, sexual favors or family friends, and you get more and more of that, and you over time lose more and more of the information and the prices and quantities and practices and norms you had, and that sort of slowly decays, and then by the end no one is believing in it. That would be my take, but again, you're the expert here. The Russian scholar, well, I'm perhaps no more an expert than Ayn Rand, it's more personal than it is scholarly or historic. So Stalin held power for 30 years, Vladimir Putin has held power for 21 years, where you could argue he took a little break. But not much, he was still holding power, I think. And it's still possible now with the new constitution that he could hold power from longer than Stalin, longer than 30 years. What do you think about the man, the state of affairs in Russia, in general, the system they have the
meaning of this whole thing? What's the meaning of life? Wow. Human life. Well, as far as I know, we're unique in the, the universe. There's no evidence that there's anything else in the universe that's as complicated as what's between our ears. Might be. I can't rule it out, but, um, so we appear to be pretty special and, um, so it's got to have something to do with that and one of the reasons I like David Deutsch, in particular his book, The Beginning of Infinity, um, is that he talks about the power of explanations and the fact that, um, most civilizations are static that they've got a set of dogmas that they arrive at somehow and they just pass those on from one, uh, generation to the next and nothing changes. But that huge changes have happened when people sort of follow whatever you want to call it, the scientific method or enlightenment, uh, there's different ways of thinking about it, but basically explanatory, it's, it's about the power of, of explanations and being able to figure out why things are the way they are and that has created chang
o another scientist that's doing the N of one study of you. That's right, because every time I spend time thinking about this or executing, spending time on it, I'm spending less time thinking about building kernel or the future of being human. And so it's, we just all have the budget of our capacity on an everyday basis and we will scaffold our way up out of this. And so, yeah, hopefully what I'm doing is really, it serves as a model that others can also build on. That's why I wrote about it, is hopefully people can then take it and improve upon it. I hold nothing sacred. I change my diet almost every day based upon some new test results or science or something like that, but. Can you maybe elaborate on the sleep thing? Why is sleep so important? And why, presumably, like what does good sleep mean to you? I think sleep is a contender for being the most powerful health intervention in existence. It's a contender. I mean, it's magical what it does if you're well rested and what your body can do. And I mean, for example, I know when I eat close t
So collect more data, clean data, make the product such that the collection of data is easy and fun and then the rest will just spring to life. Through humans playing around with them. Our objective is to create the most valuable data collection system of the brain ever. And with that, then applying all the best tools of machine learning and other techniques to extract out, to try to find insight. But yes, our objective is really to systematize the discovery process because we can't put definite timeframes on discovery. The brain is complicated and science is not a business strategy. And so we really need to figure out how to, this is the difficulty of bringing technology like this to market. And it's why most of the time it just languishes in academia for quite some time. But we hope that we will cross over and make this mainstream in the coming years. The thing was cool to wear, but are you chasing a good reason for millions of people to put this on their head and keep on their head regularly? Is there, like who's going to disc
 the distributions enough of them, the distributions of their masses, the distributions of how they're spinning, so we can actually measure when they're going around each other, whether they're spinning like this or whether the whole system has any wobbles. What? So this is now. Okay. We're doing that. And then you're constantly kind of crawling back and back in time. And we're crawling back in time and seeing how many there are as we go back. And so do they point back. So you're like, what is that discipline called, cartography or something? You're like mapping this, the early universe via the lens of gravitational waves. Not yet the early universe, but at least back in time. Earlier. Yeah. So black holes are this mathematical phenomenon, but they come about in different ways. We have a huge black hole at the center of our galaxy and other galaxies. Those probably were made some other way. We don't know when the galaxies themselves had to do with the formation of galaxies. We don't really know. So the fact that we use the word black hole, the or
 there's not enough of them. So they vocalize and there's more people, more hyenas that come around. And then they have two emotions. They're very afraid of the lion, so they want to stay away, but they also have a strong affiliation between each other. And then this is the balance of the two emotions. And also, yes, they also want the kill. So it's both repelled and attractive. But then this affiliation eventually is so strong that when they move, they move together, they act as a unit and they can perform that function. So there's an interesting behavior that seems to depend on these emotions strongly and makes it possible, coordinate the actions. And I think a critical aspect of that, the way you're describing is emotion there is a mechanism of social communication, of a social interaction. Maybe humans won't even be that intelligent or most things we think of as intelligent wouldn't be that intelligent without the social component of interaction. Maybe much of our intelligence is essentially an outgrowth of social interaction. And may
e a plan. Thank you, Lex. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Manolis Kellis. And thank you to our sponsors, SEMrush, which is an SEO optimization tool. Pessimist Archive, which is one of my favorite history podcasts. 8Sleep, which is a self cooling mattress with smart sensors and an app. And finally, BetterHelp, which is an online therapy service. Please check out these sponsors in the description to get a discount and to support this podcast. If you enjoy this thing, subscribe on YouTube, review it with 5 Stars and Apple Podcasts, follow on Spotify, support on Patreon, or connect with me on Twitter at Lex Friedman. And now, let me leave you with some words from Haruki Murakami. Human beings are ultimately nothing but carriers, passageways for genes. They ride us into the ground like racehorses from generation to generation. Genes don't think about what constitutes good or evil. They don't care whether we're happy or unhappy. We're just means to an end for them. The only thing they think about is what is most efficient for them. Tha
 that are close to the soma of the cell body, those are like the ones that people model in artificial neurons. There is a few hundred of those. Maybe they can affect the cell. They can make the cell become active. 95% of the synapses can't do that. They're too far away. So if you activate one of those synapses, it just doesn't affect the cell body enough to make any difference. Any one of them individually. Any one of them individually, or even if you do a mass of them. What real neurons do is the following. If you activate or you get 10 to 20 of them active at the same time, meaning they're all receiving an input at the same time, and those 10 to 20 synapses or 40 synapses within a very short distance on the dendrite, like 40 microns, a very small area. So if you activate a bunch of these right next to each other at some distant place, what happens is it creates what's called the dendritic spike. And the dendritic spike travels through the dendrites and can reach the soma or the cell body. Now, when it gets there, it changes the voltage, which is sort
nt directions, meaning just like how the math allows us to think in multiple dimensions outside of our perception system, sort of thinking, you know, coming up with new tools of mathematics or computation or all those kinds of things to take different perspectives on our universe. Well, I'm all for that. You know, and I kind of have even elevated into a principle which is of complementarity following Bohr that you need different ways of thinking even about the same things in order to do justice to their reality and answer different kinds of questions about them. I mean, we've several times alluded to the fact that human beings are hard to understand and the concepts that you use to understand human beings if you wanna prescribe drugs for them or see what's gonna happen if they move very fast or are exposed to radiation. And so that requires one kind of thinking that's very physical based on the fact that the materials that were made out of. On the other hand, if you want to understand how a person's going to behave in a differ
y passed away, unfortunately. And it's beautiful how much complexity can emerge from such simple rules. I just don't, somehow that simplicity is such a powerful illustration and also humbling because it feels like I personally, from my perspective, understand almost nothing about this world because like my intuition fails completely how complexity can emerge from such simplicity. Like my intuition fails, I think, is the biggest problem I have. Do you find systems like that beautiful? Is there, do you think about cellular automata? Because cellular automata don't really have, and many other artificial life systems don't necessarily have an objective. Maybe that's a wrong way to say it. It's almost like it's just evolving and creating. And there's not even a good definition of what it means to create something complex and interesting and surprising, all those words that you said. Is there some of those systems that you find beautiful? Yeah, yeah. And similarly, evolution does not have a goal. It is responding to current situation and survival
ch you should operate? Okay, that will be a long answer. So, and that is a very interesting question. And I'm asked a lot about this question, where do the rewards come from? And that depends. So, and then I give you now a couple of answers. So if you want to build agents, now let's start simple. So let's assume we want to build an agent based on the IXE model, which performs a particular task. Let's start with something super simple, like, I mean, super simple, like playing chess, or go or something, yeah. Then you just, the reward is winning the game is plus one, losing the game is minus one, done. You apply this agent. If you have enough compute, you let it self play and it will learn the rules of the game, will play perfect chess after some while, problem solved. Okay, so if you have more complicated problems, then you may believe that you have the right reward, but it's not. So a nice, cute example is the elevator control that is also in Rich Sutton's book, which is a great book, by the way. So you control the elevator and you think, well, maybe the
 visualizations are automatically created so that we can look into the system and that language is not that far from it. I mean, it is a way of communicating and logging what you're doing in some interpretable way. I think a fascinating topic, yeah, to do that. Yeah, you're making me realize that it's a good scientific question whether lying is an effective mechanism for integrating yourself and succeeding in a social network, in a world that is social. I tend to believe that honesty and love are evolutionary advantages in an environment where there's a network of intelligent agents. But it's also very possible that dishonesty and manipulation and even violence, all those kinds of things might be more beneficial. That's the old open question about good versus evil. But I tend to, I mean, I don't know if it's a hopeful, maybe I'm delusional, but it feels like karma is a thing, which is like long term, the agents, they're just kind to others sometimes for no reason will do better. In a society that's not highly constrained on resources. So lik
 so most important thing is to get started right and and I think in the early parts of a career coursework um like the deep learning specialization or it's a very efficient way to master this material so because you know instructors uh be it me or someone else or you know Lawrence Maroney teaches our TensorFlow specialization or other things we're working on spend effort to try to make it time efficient for you to learn a new concept so coursework is actually a very efficient way for people to learn concepts and the beginning parts of breaking into a new field in fact one thing I see at Stanford some of my PhD students want to jump in the research right away and I actually tend to say look in your first couple years of PhD and spend time taking courses because it lays a foundation it's fine if you're less productive in your first couple years you'll be better off in the long term beyond a certain point there's materials that doesn't exist in courses because it's too cutting edge the course hasn't been created yet ther
n the building. He says, boss, there's a baby shoe and it looks like there's something in it, but there's no kids in the trade center. I went, the plane, it's a little girl shoe. I can never get that shoe out of my mind. The evil bastards who perpetrated that needed to have missiles strike and rain down upon them and annihilate them like a cancer that they are. What just fascinates me is they'll show videos of these guys flying around and pick up trucks with 50 cows on the back. It's like, well, wait a minute. If a camera crew can get this footage, you think all these freaking drones and planes and radar assisted systems can't just go whist, whist, whist, goodnight, you're gone. So kill the cancer, kill the cells, get rid of it, get rid of it quickly and go into remission. Like an undeniable show of force that sends a message that gets rid of most of the obvious centers of terrorism. And that note, that's though, because we offline mentioned a discussion with Jaco and maybe romanticize view and mentioning brothers in arms by dire straits and sayi
 not obvious. Because it's another area where Eric and I disagree. As I interpret him, he thinks academia is totally bankrupt. And I think it's only partially bankrupt. How do we fix it? Because I'm with you, I'm bullish on academia. You need up and coming schools that end up better than where they started off. And MIT was once one of them. Yes. Now they're not in every area. In some areas, they have become the problem. Yep. UChicago, you wouldn't call it up and coming, but it's still different. And that's great. Let's hope they manage to keep it that way. The biggest problem to me is the rank absurd conformism. I kind of second tier schools, maybe in the top 40, but not in the top dozen, that are just trying to be like a junior MIT, but it's mediocre and copycat. And they're the most dogmatic enforcers of weirdness that like Harvard is more open than those second tier schools. And those second tier schools are pretty good typically, right? Yeah. But the mediocrity is enforced there. Correct. Very strictly. And the homogenization pressures. Climb the rank
housands of years of traditions that you're not going to change. It's just some people are unchangeable because they don't want to. And we have so many social problems here in our country, I think that we need to fix first. I heard this spoken in the past by many people. It's like the garden theory. You have your garden with a fence around it. You tend to your garden. There may be weeds on the outside of the fence, but as long as they're not inside your garden, your garden will prosper. And I know some people don't agree to that America first and the whole take care of our own, but it's like, how are we gonna take in more people now? And I have a human feeling for them, but it's almost like the lifeboat theory. How many people can we take into the lifeboat before the lifeboat itself sinks as the ship is going down? So if we can't take care of our own homeless vets and our own homeless people, and it's just gonna become worse. And it doesn't make any sense. It's just like, we need to just take a timeout and I think switch our tactics a little
're in love with it. So I don't think I know the full story. Again, some strange kind of distribution. The entry barriers are super high or super low, but not that often in between. But you would challenge saying that there's a lot to be explored in contemporary art. It's just you need to learn. Yeah, it's one of the most profound bodies of human thought out there. And it's part of the humanities. And yes, there are people who also don't like podcasts, right? And that's fine. Yeah. You've also been a scholar of food. We're just going through the entirety of the human experience today on this humanities podcast. Another absurd question, say this conversation is the last thing you ever do in your life. I, wearing the suit, would murder you at the end of the conversation. So this is your last day on earth, but I would offer you a last meal. What would that meal contain? We can also travel to other parts of the world. Well, we have to travel because my preferred last meal here, I probably had like two nights ago. Which is what? Can you describe or no? Th
 just to draw a line between prediction and planning, what do you mean by prediction in this way? It's trying to predict the environment without your long term action in the environment? What is prediction? Okay, if you want to put the actions in now, okay, then let's put it in now, yeah? So... We don't have to put them now. Yeah, yeah. Scratch it, scratch it, dumb question, okay. So the simplest form of prediction is that you just have data which you passively observe, and you want to predict what happens without interfering, as I said, weather forecasting, stock market, IQ sequences, or just anything, okay? And Solomonov's theory of induction based on compression, so you look for the shortest program which describes your data sequence, and then you take this program, run it, it reproduces your data sequence by definition, and then you let it continue running, and then it will produce some predictions, and you can rigorously prove that for any prediction task, this is essentially the best possible predictor. Of course, if there's a prediction task, o
at's it. That's all I take. Yeah, you know, Alfred North Whitehead said, civilization advances as it extends the number of important operations it can do without thinking about them. Yes. So my objective on this is I want an algorithm for perfect health that I never have to think about. And then I want that system to be scalable to anybody so that they don't have to think about it. And right now it's expensive for me to do it. It's time consuming for me to do it. And I have infrastructure to do it, but the future of being human is not going to the grocery store and deciding what to eat. It's also not reading scientific papers, trying to decide this thing or that thing. It's all N of one. So it's devices on the outside and inside your body, assessing real time what your body needs and then creating closed loop systems for that to happen. Yeah, so right now you're doing the data collection and you're being the scientist, it'd be much better if you just did the data collect or it was being essentially done for you and you can outsource that t
ut you know, a lot of parents will say, you know, we have to have the bedroom, sorry, the bedtime routine. You know, you bathe the kid, you put them in bed, you read them a story. You have to go through this routine, this wind down routine for them. And then they fall asleep wonderfully. Why do we abandon that? As adults, we need that same wind down routine. So that's been the other thing that's been very helpful to me. So don't do anything different. If you have a bad night of sleep, keep doing the same thing. Manage your anxiety, understand it, rationalize it. Then meditation, and then finally having some kind of disengagement wind down routine. Those are the four things that have been very helpful to me. That's brilliant. So the regularities really do a lot of work against insomnia. Is there, is it possible to have a healthy sleep life without the regularities? I say that because I'm all over the place and I've gotten good at being all over the place. So I'll often, like what happens, I'll go stretches of time. There'll be sometimes a month where I
ght. So I said light only goes to 300,000 years. So it goes back to the beginning. So if you could study the early universe with gravitational waves, we can't do that yet. Then it took 400 years to be able to do that with optical, but but then you can really understand the very, maybe understand the very early universe. So in terms of questions like why we're here or what the big bang was, we should be, we can, in principle, study that with gravitational waves. So to keep moving in this direction, it's a unique kind of way to understand our universe. So you think there's more Nobel prize level ideas to be discovered in relation to I'd be shocked if there, if there isn't, not even going to that, which is a very long range problem. But I think that we only see with electromagnetic waves, 4% of what's out there. There must be, we looked for things that we knew should be there. There should be, I would be shocked if there wasn't physics, objects, science, and with gravity that doesn't show up in everything we do with telescopes. So I think we're just limited by 
m new synapses, and I mean, everything you just mentioned in the past couple minutes. Trust me, if you spend time on it, you can get your mind around it. It's not like, it's no longer a mystery to me. No, but sorry, as a function, in a mathematical way, can you start getting an intuition about what gets it excited, what not, and what kind of representation? Yeah, it's not as easy as, there's many other types of neural networks that are more amenable to pure analysis, especially very simple networks. Oh, I have four neurons, and they're doing this. Can we describe to them mathematically what they're doing type of thing? Even the complexity of convolutional neural networks today, it's sort of a mystery. They can't really describe the whole system. And so it's different. My colleague Subitai Ahmad, he did a nice paper on this. You can get all this stuff on our website if you're interested, talking about sort of the mathematical properties of sparse representations. And so what we can do is we can show mathematically, for example, why 10 to 20 synapses to rec
e best restaurant around here is called Mama Chang's and it's in Fairfax and it's food from Wuhan actually. And they take pandemic safety seriously in addition to the food being very good. But this is what I would do. I would fly to Hermosillo in Northern Mexico, which has some of the best food in Mexico, but I sadly only had two days there. So somewhere like Oaxaca, Puebla, I think they have food just as good or some people would say better, but I've spent a lot of time in those places. So the scarce, wait, is it possible the scarcity of time contributed to the richness of the experience? Of course, but the point is that scarcity still holds. So I want one more dose of the food from Hermosillo. Can you describe what the food is? It's the one kind of Mexican food that at least nominally is just like the Mexican food you get in the US. So there are burritos, there's fajitas. It doesn't taste at all like our stuff. But again, nominally, it's the part of Mexican food that made it into the US was then transformed. But it's in a way the most fami
lay, which is a reinforcement learning where agents play against itself or versions of itself. And it's all simulated of trying different versions of themselves and playing against each other to see what ends up being a good. The ultimate goal is to learn a function that represents what is good and what is not good in terms of how you should act in the world. You create a set of decision weights based on experience, and you constantly update those weights based on ongoing learning. But the experience is artificially created versus actual real data. So it's a crude approximation of what dreams are, which is you're hallucinating a lot of things to see which things are actually. No, I think it's been a theory that's been put forward, which is that dreaming is a virtual reality test space that is largely consequence free. What an incredible gift to give a conscious mind to each and every night. Now the conscious mind, the human mind is very good at constructing dreams that are nevertheless useful for you. Like they're wild and crazy, 
n inspire people to get involved in a way that some other programs might not. So I think it's well chosen in that way. I have technical questions about, there's a problem of perchlorates on the surface of Mars that's going to be big trouble. And there's radiation. This is known. What about business questions? Do you think, because you mentioned sort of going outside of the solar system would best be done for religious reasons. What about colonizing Mars? Can you spin it into a business proposition? It's hard to think of a resource that's on Mars that could be brought back here cheaply enough to compete with stuff we could just dig out of the ground here or grow here. So I don't know if there is a business plan for that or if it's just strictly we're going to go there and see what happens. Maybe again we need communism to get us going, to give us a reason, a little bit of the competition. Well there's plenty of people who are sufficiently excited by the colonize Mars vision that they're willing to just go all in on it, even if there's not
very self serving to the central banks and to the banks and to the governments who promote this nonsense. And this is also very pervasive. If you've had the misfortune of studying at a university over the last century, you were taught Keynesian garbage economics. You were taught that if there's a problem in the economy, the way to fix it is that the government prints money, the government lowers the interest rate, and then that leads to more economic production, which is completely nonsensical. So you're, again, for the listener, you're using strong words, you know, push back just to find, to please devil's advocate to hopefully one day arrive at the truth. So just because it's in the interest of the central banks and the government, the interests and the models of Keynesian economics and the government are aligned doesn't mean they're wrong. So let's give them a chance. So the conventional wisdom, perhaps economics wisdom, is that inflation is good in moderation as it encourages spending, but too much is bad because it completely devalues
g in one little part of the neocortex, for example, there are hundreds and hundreds of constraints. These are empirical constraints that it's very, very difficult initially to come up with a theoretical framework for that. But when you do, and it solves all those constraints at once, you have a high confidence that you got something close to correct. It's just mathematically almost impossible not to be. So that's the curse and the advantage of what we have. The curse is we have to solve, we have to meet all these constraints, which is really hard. But when you do meet them, then you have a great confidence that you've discovered something. In addition, then we work with scientific labs. So we'll say, oh, there's something we can't find, we can predict something, but we can't find it anywhere in the literature. So we will then, we have people we've collaborated with, we'll say, sometimes they'll say, you know what? I have some collected data, which I didn't publish, but we can go back and look at it and see if we can find that, which is much easier th
 of like pragmatic real world problems. That's a fascinating space. Yeah, I find that actually when I'm teaching at Stanford, I increasingly encourage students at Stanford to try to find their own project for the end of term project, rather than just downloading someone else's nicely clean data set. It's actually much harder if you need to go and define your own problem and find your own data set, rather than you go to one of the several good websites, very good websites with clean scoped data sets that you could just work on. You're now running three efforts, the AI Fund, Landing AI, and deeplearning.ai. As you've said, the AI Fund is involved in creating new companies from scratch. Landing AI is involved in helping already established companies do AI and deeplearning.ai is for education of everyone else or of individuals interested in getting into the field and excelling in it. So let's perhaps talk about each of these areas. First, deeplearning.ai. How, the basic question, how does a person interested in deep learning get started in the
 questions. And through that window, through that kind of questioning, you get a window into a man with power. So let me ask about Stalin because you've done more research, there's another amazing interview you've had, the introduction was that you know more about Stalin than Stalin himself. You've done an incredible amount of research on Stalin. So if you could talk to him, get sort of direct research, what question would you ask of Stalin? I have so many questions, I don't even know where I would begin. The thing about studying a person like Stalin, who's an immense creature, right? He's exercising the power of life and death over hundreds of millions of people. He's making decisions about novels and films and turbines and submarines and packs with Hitler or deals with Churchill and Roosevelt and occupation of Mongolia or occupation of North Korea. He's making phenomenally consequential decisions over all spheres of life, all areas of endeavor and over much of the globe, much of the landmass of the earth. And so what's that like? Does he 
Franklin Institute, which doesn't have a journal now, but did at that time. So the article is published. It's the last time he ever wrote about it. It remained controversial. So it wasn't until close to 1960, 1958, where there was a conference that brought together the experts in general relativity to try to sort out whether it was true that there were gravitational waves or not. And there was a very nice derivation by a British theorist from the heart of the theory that gets gravitational waves. And that was number one. The second thing that happened at that meeting is Richard Feynman was there. And Feynman said, well, if there's typical Feynman, if there's gravitational waves, they need to be able to do something, otherwise they don't exist. So they have to be able to transfer energy. So he made an idea of a gedankenexperiment that is just a bar with a couple of rings on it. And then if a gravitational wave goes through, it distorts the bar and that creates friction on these little rings and that's heat and that's energy. So that meant... Is that 
ace of the fact that most people are doing theoretical work? What motivates you in the uncertainty and the challenges to get the helicopter sort of to do the applied work, to get the actual system to work? Yeah, in the face of fear, uncertainty, sort of the setbacks that you mentioned for localization. I like stuff that works. In the physical world. So like, it's back to the shredder. You know, I like theory, but when I work on theory myself, and this is personal taste, I'm not saying anyone else should do what I do. But when I work on theory, I personally enjoy it more if I feel that the work I do will influence people, have positive impact, or help someone. I remember when many years ago, I was speaking with a mathematics professor, and it kind of just said, hey, why do you do what you do? It kind of just said, hey, why do you do what you do? And then he said, he had stars in his eyes when he answered. And this mathematician, not from Stanford, different university, he said, I do what I do because it helps me to discover truth and beauty in t
learning into their efforts? AI is a general purpose technology and I think it will transform every industry our community has already transformed to a large extent the software internet sector most software internet companies outside the top right five or six or three or four already have reasonable machine learning capabilities or or getting there it's still room for improvement but when I look outside the software internet sector everything from manufacturing agriculture, healthcare logistics transportation there's so many opportunities that very few people are working on so I think the next wave of AI is for us to also transform all of those other industries there was a McKinsey study estimating 13 trillion dollars of global economic growth US GDP is 19 trillion dollars so 13 trillion is a big number or PwC estimates 16 trillion dollars so whatever number is is large but the interesting thing to me was a lot of that impact will be outside the software internet sector so we need more teams to work with these companies
ich is Earth, right? Life formed on Earth billions of years ago, whether it was introduced here or it created it here, or someone introduced it, we don't really know, but it was here early. It took a long, long time to get to multicellular life. And then for multicellular life, it took a long, long time to get the neocortex. that you might apply to a system that wants to reproduce and do stupid things. Let's not do that. Yeah, in fact, it is a mystery why people haven't done that yet. My dad is a physicist, believes that the reason, he says, for example, nuclear weapons haven't proliferated amongst evil people. So one belief that I share is that there's not that many evil people in the world that would use, whether it's bacteria or nuclear weapons or maybe the future AI systems to do bad. So the fraction is small. And the second is that it's actually really hard, technically, so the intersection between evil and competent is small in terms of, and that's the. And by the way, to really annihilate humanity, you'd have to have sort of the nuclear wint
 exist? Yes, do photons exist? Yes. But what does it mean for them to exist? Okay, so well, the hard answer to that, the precise answer is that we construct the world out of equations that contain entities that are reproducible, that exist in vast numbers throughout the universe, that have definite properties of mass, spin and a few others that we call electrons and what an electron is is defined by the equations that it satisfies theoretically and we find that there are many, many exemplars of that entity in the physical world. So in the case of electrons, we can isolate them and study them and individual ones in great detail and we can check that they all actually are identical and that's why chemistry works and yes. So in that case, it's very tangible. Similarly with photons, you can study them individually, the units of light and nowadays, it's very practical to study individual photons and determine their spin and their other basic properties and check out the equations in great detail. For quarks and gluons, which are the other
 whatever. Occasionally I'll roll a lawnmower or a tractor into a ditch cause I'm not a farmer, too good. But it's easier to drive a fire truck in New York. But they literally, oh, I was worried. I haven't seen you. And I'm like, no, no, I'm okay. But they literally like check on you. They're worried about you. And I'm going, these people hardly know me, but yet they're so caring. And that's the problem. Like this is what I love about my life. I spent a lot of time as, especially as a young boy and a lot of time in Ireland at my grandma's farm. And my mom comes from this tiny, tiny little village. She's out in the middle of nowhere. And the childhood home she grew up in still, my aunt and uncle live in it still. I just love it there so much. Cause everyone waves. Tennessee's similar. They wave, driving by and you're like, who the hell's that? I just wave, you know. But my cousin will point it out. Actually third cousin, second removed by, you know, Johnny. Like, holy shoot, I'm related to everyone here, right? But like everyone stops to say hello and how are you? And 
cast. And now, let me leave you with some words from Nikola Tesla, who we discussed in this podcast as sleeping very few hours a night. All that was great in the past was ridiculed, condemned, combated, and suppressed, only to emerge all the more powerfully, all the more triumphantly from the struggle. Thank you for listening and hope to see you next time. that are so embryonic because, you know, I suspect it's the same with you. Answers to me are simply ways to get to more questions. You know, it's questions where, you know, questions turn me on, answers less so. And I love the fact that we are still embryonic in our sense of arguing about even what the definition of consciousness is. But I also find it fascinating. I think it's thoroughly delightful to absorb yourself in the thought. Think about the brain and we can move back across the complexity of phylogeny from, you know, humans to mammals to sort of birds to reptiles, amphibians, fish. You can, bacteria, whatever you want. And you can go through this and say, okay, where is the hard line
that be? When I solve the AGI problem. In practice, so in theory, I have solved it with the AIX model, but in practice. And then I ask the first question. What would be the first question? What's the meaning of life? I don't think there's a better way to end it. Thank you so much for talking today. It's a huge honor to finally meet you. Yeah, thank you too. It was a pleasure of mine too. And now let me leave you with some words of wisdom from Albert Einstein. The measure of intelligence is the ability to change. Thank you for listening and hope to see you next time. And you take a subset of this library and suddenly you have a lot of information in there. So that's fascinating. I think one of the most beautiful object, mathematical objects that at least today seems to be understudied or under talked about is cellular automata. What lessons do you draw from sort of the game of life for cellular automata where you start with the simple rules just like you're describing with the universe and somehow complexity emerges. Do you feel like you 
perturbed basically means you now develop therapeutics, pharmaceutical therapeutics against that. Or you develop other types of intervention that affect the expression of that gene. What do pharmaceutical therapeutics look like when your understanding is on a genetic level? Yeah. Sorry if it's a dumb question. No, no, no. It's a brilliant question, but I want to save it for a little bit later when we start talking about therapeutics. Perfect. So let's talk about the first four steps. There's two more. So basically the first step is figure out, I mean, the zero step, the starting point is the genetics. The first step after that is figure out the tissue of action. The second step is figuring out the nucleotide that is responsible or set of nucleotides. The third step is figuring out the motif and the upstream regulator, number four. Number five and six is what are the targets? So number five is great. Now I know the regulator. I know the motif. I know the tissue and I know the variant. What does it actually do? So you have to now trace it to 
 of hyenas, it almost sounds algorithmic. Like the problem with humans is they're so complex, it's hard to think of them as algorithms. But with hyenas, there's a, it's simple enough to where it feels like, at least hopeful that it's possible to create computational systems that mimic that. Yeah, that's exactly why we looked at that. As opposed to humans. Like I said, they are intelligent, but they are not quite as intelligent as say, baboons, which would learn a lot and would be much more flexible. The hyenas are relatively rigid in what they can do. And therefore you could look at this behavior, like this is a breakthrough in evolution about to happen. That they've discovered something about social structures, communication, about cooperation, and it might then spill over to other things too in thousands of years in the future. Yeah, I think the problem with baboons and humans is probably too much is going on inside the head. We won't be able to measure it if we're observing the system. With hyenas, it's probably easier to observe the actual d
The following is a conversation with Stephen Kotkin, a professor of history at Princeton University and one of the great historians of our time, specializing in Russian and Soviet history. He has written many books on Stalin and the Soviet Union, including the first two of a three volume work on Stalin, and he is currently working on volume three. You may have noticed that I've been speaking with not just computer scientists, but physicists, engineers, historians, neuroscientists, and soon much more. To me, artificial intelligence is much bigger than deep learning, bigger than computing. It is our civilization's journey into understanding the human mind and creating echoes of it in the machine. To me, that journey must include a deep historical and psychological understanding of power. Technology puts some of the greatest power in the history of our civilization into the hands of engineers and computer scientists. This power must not be abused. And the best way to understand how such abuse can be avoided is to not be blind to the 
just humanize that situation of what we were trying to do. We were trying to do our best, but we also tried to be compassionate to his sadness. And it just, I walked away just feeling so good, even though it was a tragic situation. And she did pass that, you know, he came by to, you know, thank us days later and just heartbreaking. But you know, there's just, it's just happens many, many times throughout the country every day. People get that opportunity as a responder to be that last bridge to the family and the loved one. And you only get that opportunity once sometimes and you really have to, to me, it's like your moment to shine. You know, you could just be very, very dismissive and very rude, or you could be compassionate and just show, hey, I have a mom, I have a grandma, I have, you know, and just in your mind, pretend that that's who you're working on and that's who you're with. So that moment of compassion, that moment of empathy, even if his brief can be the thing that saves the person from suffering, make the difference between suffering
the prison guards are away and the prisoners are running a mock in a delightful way. And part of the reason is because when you go into dream sleep, the rational part of your brain called the prefrontal cortex, which is the part, it's like the CEO of the brain. It's very good at making high level, rational, top down decisions and controlled actions. That part of the brain is shut down during REM sleep. But then emotional centers, memory centers, visual centers, motoric centers, all of those centers actually become more active. In fact, some of them are more active than when we're awake in the dream state. That's fascinating. So your brain from a neural architecture perspective is radically different. Its network feature is not the same as wakefulness. And I think this is an immensely beneficial thing that we have at least two different rational and irrational conscious states that we do information processing in. The rational, the veritical, the page one of the Google search is wakefulness. The more irrational, illogical, hyper associati
r a few days, really badly ill. And I just remember, yeah, I was 10 years old and he just had to have the room darkened out and he'd be so sick and I'd just go in and wipe the vomit on his face, just try to give him a little water but he couldn't take it down because he'd throw it up. And maybe on Saturday he'd start coming around a little bit, drink down a little bit of tea and on Sunday morning he'd put his robe on and he'd go down, mom would make him black coffee and toast and he'd sit up, watch the news, watch a game and then Monday morning he'd go back to work. He did that for four years. And he's 82 and he's still here. Yeah. You said that your dad's a man of a few words but when he talks, they're profound. So what words were ringing in your ear when you were driving? I just always remember him saying, kid, they give the recall, you go to the firehouse, you don't go where you think you should, you go to the firehouse, you follow your orders. So do the smart thing, do your job. Yes, sir. And every time we'd hang up the phone, it's fireman talk, he'd say, 
more than half my time setting up this nonprofit at the crucial time when you should be like producing your best academic work and so on. And it was also the case at the time. It was kind of like the Toby order club. You know, he was he was the most popular. There's this personal interest story about him and his plans donate and sorry to interrupt but Toby was donating a large amount. Can you tell just briefly what he was doing? Yeah, so he made this public commitment to give everything he earned above 20,000 pounds per year to the most effective causes. And even as a graduate student, he was still donating about 15, 20% of his income, which is so quite significant given that graduate students are not known for being super wealthy. That's right. And when we launched Giving What We Can, the media just loved this as like a personal interest story. So the story about him and his pledge was the most, yeah, it was actually the most popular news story of the day. And we kind of ran the same story a year later and it was the most popular news stor
ost all of that's correct. There's just gonna be some mistakes in there. And for the most part, there aren't really good cogent theories about it, how to put it together. It's not like we have two or three competing good theories, which ones are right and which ones are wrong. It's like, nah, people are just scratching their heads. Some people have given up on trying to figure out what the whole thing does. In fact, there's very, very few labs that we do that focus really on theory and all this unassimilated data and trying to explain it. So it's not like we've got it wrong. It's just that we haven't got it at all. So it's really, I would say, pretty early days in terms of understanding the fundamental theory's forces of the way our mind works. I don't think so. I would have said that's true five years ago. So as I said, we had some really big breakthroughs on this recently and we started publishing papers on this. So we'll get to that. But so I don't think it's, I'm an optimist and from where I sit today, most people would disagree with this, but from 
ential threat? Then, so there's a lot of ways in which it could be. One way is us humans are actually irrational, inefficient and get in the way of, not happiness, but whatever the objective function is of maximizing that objective function. Super intelligent. The paperclip problem and things like that. So the paperclip problem but with the super intelligent. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So we already face this threat in some sense. They're called bacteria. These are organisms in the world that would like to turn everything into bacteria. And they're constantly morphing, they're constantly changing to evade our protections. And in the past, they have killed huge swaths of populations of humans on this planet. So if you wanna worry about something that's gonna multiply endlessly, we have it. And I'm far more worried in that regard. I'm far more worried that some scientists in the laboratory will create a super virus or a super bacteria that we cannot control. That is a more of an existential threat. Putting an intelligence thing on top of it actua
ent kind of situation, you need entirely different concepts from psychology and there's nothing wrong with that. You can have very different ways of addressing the same material that are useful for different purposes, right? Can you describe this idea which is fascinating of complementarity a little bit? Sort of first of all, what state is the principle? What is it? And second of all, what are good examples starting from quantum mechanics? You used to mention psychology. Let's talk about this more. It's like in your new book one of the most fascinating ideas actually. I think it's a wonderful, yeah. To me it's, well, it's the culminating chapter of the book and I think since the whole book is about the big lessons or big takeaways from profound understanding of the physical world that we've achieved, including that it's mysterious in some ways, this was the final overarching lesson, complementarity. Lesson, complementarity and it's a approach. So unlike some of these other things which are just facts about the world, like the world is both b
policy establishment in Washington, DC. People who have never fought in war, whose children will never fight a war, who'll never pay to fight a war, who'll never suffer a broken window in their house because of war, sitting there and based on these fucking moronic garbage that they teach at moronic Fiat universities about politics and geopolitics, making decisions about, we need to invade that country and we need to send war there. And they can do that because they have this endless money printer. And that's why, back under gold, if you were a warrior, you went and actually joined the war. And that, the people who pontificated about war were the people who had experience with war, the people who were sending their own children to war, the people who were fighting with their own money. Now you have all these fat parasitics come sitting in Washington, DC deciding, and Washington is just an example, but all over the world this exists. People who have never fought, who'll never carry the consequences, are going to devalue the world's money i
ng to the table, I'm then assigning this table in the context of the room. Then I can say, oh, on the table, there's a coffee cup. Oh, and on the table, there's a logo. And in the logo, there's the word Nementa. Oh, and look in the logo, there's the letter E. Oh, and look, it has an unusual serif. And it doesn't actually, but I pretended to serif. So the point is your attention is kind of drilling deep in and out of these nested structures. And I can pop back up and I can pop back down. I can pop back up and I can pop back down. So when I attend to the coffee cup, I haven't lost the context of everything else, but it's sort of, there's this sort of nested structure. So the attention filters the reference frame information for that particular period of time? Yes, it basically, moment to moment, you attend the sub components, and then you can attend the sub components to sub components. And you can move up and down. You can move up and down. We do that all the time. You're not even, now that I'm aware of it, I'm very conscious of it. But until, but most people 
ould be, the performance that could be achieved with scale? Or is there other ideas? I think that if my only job was being an academic researcher, if an unlimited budget and didn't have to worry about short term impact and only focus on long term impact, I'd probably spend all my time doing research on unsupervised learning. I still think unsupervised learning is a beautiful idea. At both this past NeurIPS and ICML, I was attending workshops or listening to various talks about self supervised learning, which is one vertical segment maybe of unsupervised learning that I'm excited about. Maybe just to summarize the idea, I guess you know the idea about describing fleet. No, please. So here's the example of self supervised learning. Let's say we grab a lot of unlabeled images off the internet. So with infinite amounts of this type of data, I'm going to take each image and rotate it by a random multiple of 90 degrees. And then I'm going to train a supervised neural network to predict what was the original orientation. So it has to be rotate
fe on earth than does biological evolution is the evolution of these ideas. Yes, and it's fascinating, like I said before, that we can keep up somehow biologically. We evolved to a point where we can keep up with this meme evolution, literature, internet. We understand DNA and we understand fundamental particles. We didn't start that way a thousand years ago. And we haven't evolved biologically very much, but somehow our minds are able to extend. And therefore AI can be seen also as one such step that we created and it's our tool. And it's part of that meme evolution that we created, even if our biological evolution does not progress as fast. And us humans might only be able to understand so much. We're keeping up so far, or we think we're keeping up so far, but we might need AI systems to understand. Maybe like the physics of the universe is operating, look at strength theory. Maybe it's operating in much higher dimensions. Maybe we're totally, because of our cognitive limitations, are not able to truly internalize the way this world works. 
ental here to building a successful small machine learning system yes and the software system needs to interface with the machine learning system needs to interface with people's workloads so machine learning is automation on steroids if we take one task out of many tasks that are done in the factory so the factory does lots of things one task is vision inspection if we automate that one task it can be really valuable but you may need to redesign a lot of other tasks around that one task for example say the machine learning algorithm says this is defective what are you supposed to do do you throw it away do you get a human to double check do you want to rework it or fix it so you need to redesign a lot of tasks around that thing you've now automated so planning for the change management and making sure that the software you write is consistent with the new workflow and you take the time to explain to people what needs to happen so I think what landing AI has become good at and then I think we learned by making 
 led by the data when they're being led by Keynes's moronic theories. And they use the data to justify those theories and to stick by them. And in fact, they are the ones whose theories cannot be refuted because it's just government mandated religion. So according to Keynes's nonsense, so the way that they justify the inflationism is this, and I'm just using this to give an example of what you're talking about in terms of theory, the way they justify the inflationism to tie it back to the original point, they justified it, all right, we need money to spend. And then the level of spending in the economy is what determines the state of the economy. And I've taught macro economics at university level for a while. So I know Keynesian nonsense better than most Keynesians know Austrians, if not all of them, I guarantee you. And so the way they see it is the level of spending in the economy is what determines the state of the economy. There's a level of output and there's a level of spending. So there's like the factories on the one side that 
cret to Ayn Rand is that she was Russian. I'd love to have her on my podcast if she was still alive. I'd only ask her about Russia, which she mostly never talked about after writing We the Living. And she is much more Russian than she seems at first, even like purging people from the objectivist circles. It's like how Russians, especially female Russians, so often purge their friends. It's weird, all the parallels. So you're saying, so yes, so assuming she's still not around, but if she is and she comes onto your podcast, can you dig into that a little bit? Do you mean like her personal demons around the social and economic Russia of the time, when she escaped? The traumas she suffered there, what she really likes in the music and literature and why. Music and literature, huh? And getting deeply into that, her view of relations between the sexes and Russia, how it differs from America, why she still carries through the old Russian vision in her fiction, this extreme sexual dimorphism, but with also very strong women, to me is a uniquely, at le
d to me it's so fascinating to expand the space of deep meaningful interactions beyond just humans. That's the opportunity I see with robots and with AI systems and that's why I don't like, my biggest problem with social media algorithms is the lack of transparency. It's not the existence of the algorithms, it's, well there's many things. One is the data. Data should be controlled by people themselves. But also the lack of transparency in how the algorithms work. You change your perception of what's real in hidden ways. In hidden ways. Yeah. Like you should be aware, just like when you take, I don't know, if you take psychedelics, you should be aware that you took the psychedelics, it shouldn't be a surprise. And second, you should become a student and a scholar and there should be research done, there should be open conversation about how your perception has changed and then you become your own guide in this world of altered perception because arguably none of it is real. You get to choose the flavor of real. I mean, this is something you e
 necessarily universally. And we're finding some of the subtleties and sort of accept edge cases where they don't apply in a straightforward way. And this is one. So time crystals do obey, do have this structure in time, but it's not a free lunch because although in a sense, things are moving, they're already doing what they want to do. They're in the, so if you want to extract energy from it, you're gonna be foiled because there's no spare energy there. So you can add energy to it and kind of disturb it, but you can't extract energy from this motion because it's gonna, it wants to do, And the extinction event that let the mammals and ultimately humans inherit the Earth from the dinosaurs occurred on December 30th. And all of human history is a small part of the last day. And so, yes, so we're occupying only, and a human lifetime is a very, very infinitesimal part of this interval of these gigantic cosmic reaches of time. And in space, we can tell a very similar story. In fact, it's convenient to think that the size of the universe is the distan
ke I said, it's not easy. You've got to spend some effort on it. Now, also at some point then, when you have this diversity and you have these experiences, exploration, you may want to, you may find something that you can't stay away from. Like for us, it was computers, it was AI. It was, you know, that I just have to do it. And I, you know, and then it will take decades maybe and you are pursuing it because you figured out that this is really exciting and you can bring in your experiences. And there's nothing wrong with that either, but you asked what's the advice for young people. That's the exploration part. And then beyond that, after that exploration, you actually can focus and build a career. And, you know, even there you can switch multiple times, but I think that diversity exploration is fundamental to having a successful career as is concentration and spending an effort where it matters. And, but you are in better position to make the choice when you have done your homework. Explored. So exploration precedes commitment, but both are beau
 lynchings of government officials because the British pound at that point, it had been the global currency of the whole world. And the fact that they'd managed, the Bank of England had kept the British pound at a fixed rate next to gold for, since Newton, you know, the exchange rate, the value of the British pound was set by Isaac Newton himself. He was the warden of the mint and he made the pound a specific amount of gold. And since then, up until World War I, it was 4.25 pounds per ounce of gold. I think I might be wrong, but I have it in the book. So he'd set that price. And it was a matter of national pride for people in England, you know. The sterling is as good as gold because for two centuries it has been stuck to gold. There was the exception of the Napoleonic Wars, but for two centuries, mostly it was stuck to that. And so they went off that and then they couldn't go back because if they wanted to go back, they didn't have enough gold. They shipped their gold to the US to finance the war. And they had printed a whole bunch of mone
e morning feeling more energized than any other configuration. And so I know from all these processes that eating at roughly 8.30 in the morning, right after I work out on an empty stomach, creates enough distance between that completed eating and bedtime where I have almost no digestion processes going on in my body, therefore my resting heart rate goes very low. And when my resting heart rate's very low, I sleep with high quality. And so basically I've been trying to optimize the entirety of what I eat to my sleep quality. And my sleep quality then of course feeds into my willpower so it creates this virtuous cycle. And so at 8.30 what I do is I eat what I call super veggie, which is, it's a pudding of 250 grams of broccoli, 150 grams of cauliflower, and a whole bunch of other vegetables that I eat what I call nutty pudding, which is. You make the pudding yourself? Like, what do you call it? Like a veggie mix, whatever thing, like a blender? Yeah, you can be made in a high speed blender. But basically I eat the same thing every day, veggie bowl as
n where they don't get bankrupt. So in part two of the fiat standard called Fiat Life, you describe the effects of fiat money on a bunch of things like life, food, science, education. What is the most pernicious effect of fiat money on our world, on our life? So taking a step outside of the monetary system, actually like how that affects our life from this book? I mean, there's a whole bunch of things and I won't be able to go over them and I highly recommend reading the book. But if I were to pick one, I would say it's the impact that it has on our time preference, on our valuation of the future. So remember when we started the discussion, I said that the key function of money is that it serves as a store of value. And the harder the money is, the better it is at providing us with a way for providing for our future. And so the harder the money is, the less we discount the future. We always discount the future compared to the present. So if I told you, I'm gonna give you something today versus giving it to you 10 years from now, the same t
hrase because at the end of the denial of death, Becker's like, look, the average American is either drinking or shopping or watching television, and they're all the same thing, right? Heidegger says the same thing. He says, look, and he acknowledges Kierkegaard. He says, what makes us feel unsettled? And evidently, that's an English translation of angst, that we don't feel at home in the world. Heidegger says that's death anxiety. And one direction is the Kierkegaard one. Heidegger calls it a flight from death. You just unself reflexively cling to your cultural constructions. And Heidegger borrows the term tranquilized, but he points out that he doesn't care for that term because tranquilized sounds like you're subdued. When in fact, what most culturally constructed meat puppets do is to be frenetically engaged with their surroundings to ensure that they never sit still long enough to actually think about anything consequential. Heidegger says there's another way, though. He's like, yo, what you can do is to come to terms with that death anxie
of the most fundamental interactions, things that are hard to access because they occur at very short distances between very special kinds of particles whose properties are only revealed at high energies. We don't have much to go on from everyday life but so we have when we guess what the, and the experiments are difficult to do so you can't really follow a very wholly empirical procedure to sort of in the Baconian style figure out the laws kind of step by step just by accumulating a lot of data what we actually do is guess. And the guesses are kind of aesthetic really. What would be a nice description that's consistent with what we know and then you try it out and see if it works and by gosh it does in many profound cases. So there's that but there's another source of symmetry which I didn't talk so much about in a beautiful question but does relate to your comments and I think very much relates to the source of symmetry that we find in biology and in our heads, you know, in our brain which is that, well it is discussed a 
o be said about the cost in time? So you're saving the sort of, you're reducing the friction of the communication as well. Exactly. Of the transactions as well. Exactly, it's faster. How big is that benefit? Because wouldn't you argue that that potential is the thing that enables modern economy, both the speed and the low cost, so increasing the scale and the frequency, the speed of the transactions? Yeah, arguably it does help in that regard. However, it isn't as if you couldn't have fast transactions built on top of gold. So you could have gold being used for final settlement and you could have banks settling with one another essentially using credit settlement. Can you define settlement just for people who are outside of this world? Because we'll mention that word quite a bit probably. Good question. So the way that it works is, let's say right now I'm gonna pay you $10 over PayPal or credit card. So it shows up in your PayPal or credit card within a few seconds that I've sent you the money and then that's yours. But it didn't also happen in t
t how to organize the information and what behaviors I wanna use in that space to get me there. Yeah, so if you dig in an idea of this reference frame, whether it's the math, you start a set of axioms to try to get to proving the conjecture. Can you try to describe, maybe take a step back, how you think of the reference frame in that context? Is it the reference frame that the axioms are happy in? Is it the reference frame that might contain everything? Is it a changing thing as you? You have many, many reference frames. I mean, in fact, the way the theory, the thousand brain theory of intelligence says that every single thing in the world has its own reference frame. So every word has its own reference frames. And we can talk about this. The mathematics work out, this is no problem for neurons to do this. But how many reference frames does a coffee cup have? Well, it's on a table. Let's say you ask how many reference frames could a column in my finger that's touching the coffee cup have? Because there are many, many copy, there are many, m
 the surface and being cognizant of it? For us, that's the ball game. So what I'm trying to say is that so what we write in our book and here we're just paying homage to the philosophers and theologians that come before us is to point out that literally since antiquity, there has been a consensus that to lead a full life requires, Albert Camus said, come to terms with death, thereafter anything is possible. And so you've got the Stoics and you've got the Epicureans and then you've got the Tibetan Book of the Dead and then you've got like the medieval monks that, you know, worked with like a skull on their desk. And the whole idea, I should back up a bit because and just remind folks that our studies, you know, when we remind people that they're going to die and we find that, yeah, they drink more water if a famous person is, you know, advertising it, but they eat more cookies. They want more fancy clothes. They sit closer to people that look like them. It changes who they vote for. But all of those things, those are very subtle death remind
 that's when we made several changes, including adding these active seismic isolation, which turned out to be a key. And we fortunately got the National Science Foundation to give us another couple hundred million dollars, 100 million more. And we rebuild it or fixed or improved it. And then in 2015, we turned it on. And we almost instantly saw this first collision of two black holes. And then we went through a process of, do we believe what we've seen? Yeah, I think you're one of the people that went through that process. It sounds like some people immediately believed it. And then you're like... So as human beings, we all have different reactions to almost anything. And so quite a few of my colleagues had a eureka moment immediately. I mean, the figure that we put in our paper, first is just data. We didn't have to go through fancy computer programs to do anything. And we show next to it the calculations of Einstein's equations. It looks just like what we detected. And we did it in two different detectors halfway across the US. So it was pretty c
t yet. Do you think those answers might change the way we see other sources of gravity, black holes, the way we see the parts of the universe that we do study? It's conceivable. The black holes that we've found in our experiment, we're trying now to understand the origin of those. It's conceivable, but doesn't seem the most likely that they were primordial, that is, they were made at the beginning. And in that sense, they could represent at least part of the dark matter. So there can be connections, dark black holes or how many there are, how much of the mass they encompass is still pretty primitive. We don't know. So before I talk to you more about black holes, let me take a step back to, I actually went to high school in Chicago and would go to take classes at Fermilab, watch the buffalo and so on. So let me ask about, you mentioned that Enrico for me was somebody who was inspiring to you in a certain kind of way. Why is that? Can you speak to that? Sure. He was amazing, actually. He's the last, I'll come to the reason in a minute, but he had a
d of boring old grounded technologies. Whether we'll be playing in the space of fun. Like once we've built a base of comfort and stability and like a robust system where everyone has shelter, everyone has food and the basic needs covered, are we going to then operate in the space of fun? That's what I think about Dogecoin. Because it seems like fun spreads faster than anything else. Fun of different kinds, and that could be bad fun and that could be good fun. And so it's a battle of good fun versus bad fun. It goes viral very, very quickly when you, if you post something that people find fun to. Yeah. And that's what Dogecoin represents. So there's like, so Bitcoin represents like financial, like serious financial instruments and then Dogecoin represents fun. And it's interesting to watch the battle go on on the internet to see which wins. This is also like open question to me of what is the internet? Because fun seems to prevail on the internet. And is that a fundamental property of the internet moving forward when you look a hundred y
like a question that like Plato would ask. What is the smallest thing in the universe? As far as we know, the fundamental particles out of which we build our most successful description of nature are points. They don't have any internal structure. So that's as small as can be. So what does that mean operationally? That means that they obey equations that describe entities that are singular concentrations of energy, momentum, angular momentum, the things that particles have, but localized at individual points. Now that mathematical structure is only revealed partially in the world because to process the wave function in a way that accesses information about the precise position of things, you have to apply a lot of energy and that's an idealization and you can apply infinite amount of energy to determine a precise position. But at the mathematical level, we build the world out of particles that are points. So do they actually exist and what are we talking about? Oh, they exist. So let me ask sort of do quarks exist? Yes, do electrons
osophers and philosophical ideas that influenced you the most? Are we just jumping right in? That's it. We're right in. We're not, no foreplay on camera, all right. I had an interesting philosophical journey, at least I think it's interesting, and that was, I think, as far as organized philosophy or maybe, authentic's not the right word, but like, yeah, we'll say organized. I would say that Nietzsche is probably one of the people with the most influence on me, but I also feel like, to a degree, your personality will oftentimes dictate what philosophers that you can vibe with, yeah. So what ideas from Nietzsche, was it the Ubermensch? Definitely the Ubermensch is huge to me because I see it as an extension of basically the religious concepts of God and higher ideals, but just put into a different, a secular context. And the idea also that the Ubermensch is striving and overcoming something that you're always working towards that very few will ever, it's not like the concept that you can just make them. It doesn't happen that way. And it's not based
is a healthy life. Second to that is the understanding and the utilization of the best available science on diet, exercise, supplements, sleep, and other lifestyle choices. To me, science in the realm of health is a guide for what we should try, not the absolute truth of how to live life. The goal is to learn to listen to your body and figure out what works best for you. All that said, a good night's sleep can be a great tool in making life awesome and productive, and Matt is a great advocate of the how and the why of sleep. We agree on some things and disagree on others, but he's a great human being, a great scientist, and, as of recently, a friend with whom I enjoy having these wide ranging conversations. This is the Lux Friedman podcast, and here is my conversation with Matt Walker. You should try these shades on. Let's see what you look like. So they are now your shades, and that's not the question. It's the same thing as Putin took the Super Bowl ring, and it's now his ring. Yeah, one wonders if he was offered it, but they are yours. When 
The following is a conversation with Brian Johnson, founder of Kernel, a company that has developed devices that can monitor and record brain activity. And previously, he was the founder of Braintree, a mobile payment company that acquired Venmo and then was acquired by PayPal and eBay. Quick mention of our sponsors, Forsigmatic, NetSuite, Grammarly, and ExpressVPN. Check them out in the description to support this podcast. As a side note, let me say that this was a fun and memorable experience, wearing the Kernel FlowBrain interface in the beginning of this conversation, as you can see if you watch the video version of this episode. And there was a Ubuntu Linux machine sitting next to me collecting the data from my brain. The whole thing gave me hope that the mystery of the human mind will be unlocked in the coming decades as we begin to measure signals from the brain in a high bandwidth way. To understand the mind, we either have to build it or to measure it. Both are worth a try. Thanks to Brian and the rest of the Kernel team
 nuclear bomb, but you want to minimize civilian casualties. So the dropping of the nuclear bomb is the elimination of markets, private property and parliaments. But you're going to bring freedom or you're going to minimize civilian casualties. So you drop the nuclear bomb, you eliminate the capitalism and you get famine, deportation, no constraints on executive power and not abundance, but shortages. And people say, well, that's not what Mark said. That's not what I said. I said, I wanted to minimize civilian casualties. The nuclear bomb goes off and there's mass civilian casualties. And you keep saying, but I said, drop the bomb, but minimize civilian casualties. So that's where we are. That's history, not philosophy. I'm speaking about historical examples, all the cases that we have. Marx was not a theorist of inequality. Marx was a theorist of alienation, of dehumanization, of fundamental constraints or what he called fetters on productivity and on wealth, which he all attributed to capitalism. Marx wasn't bothered by inequality. He was bothered
 is reaching out into the stars in part. Yes, but the kind of attempts we're making now to go to other planetary objects doesn't excite me that much because it's not really advancing anything. It's not efficient enough? Yeah, and we're also putting out other human beings, which is a very inefficient way to explore these other objects. What I'm really talking about in the sixth epoch, the universe wakes up. It's where we can spread our super intelligence throughout the universe. And that doesn't mean sending a very soft, squishy creatures like humans. Yeah, the universe wakes up. I mean, we would send intelligence masses of nanobots which can then go out and colonize these other parts of the universe. Do you think there's intelligent alien civilizations out there that our bots might meet? My hunch is no. Most people say yes, absolutely. I mean, and the universe is too big. And they'll cite the Drake equation. And I think in Singularity is Near, I have two analyses of the Drake equation, both with very reasonable assumptions. And one gives you th
od at certain aspects of a thing by just doing it every day for a very short period of time it's kind of a miracle that that's how it works it adds up over time. Yeah and I think this is often not about the bursts of sustained efforts and the all nighters because you could only do that a limited number of times it's the sustained effort over a long time I think you know reading two research papers is a nice thing to do but the power is not reading two research papers it's reading two research papers a week for a year then you read a hundred papers and you actually learn a lot when you read a hundred papers. So regularity and making learning a habit do you have general other study tips for particularly deep learning that people should in their process of learning is there some kind of recommendations or tips you have as they learn? One thing I still do when I'm trying to study something really deeply is take handwritten notes it varies I know there are a lot of people that take the deep learning courses during a commu
birds or it wasn't a first strike attack from the USA. We got very lucky on that one. But if you just keep on running the clock on a low probability event, it will happen. And it may not be USA and China, USA and Russia, whatever. You know, it could be the Saudis and Turkey. And it might not be nuclear weapons, it might be some other destruction. Bio weapons. But it simply will happen is my view. And I've argued at best we have 700 or 800 years and that's being generous. A worst? How long we got? Well, maybe it's like a post on arrival process, right? So tiny probability could come any time. Probably not in your lifetime. But the chance presumably increases the cheaper weapons of mass destruction are. So the Poisson process description doesn't take in consideration the game theoretic aspect. So another way to consider is repeated games, iterative games. So is there something about our human nature that allows us to fight against probability? Reduce, like the closer we get to trouble, the more we're able to figure out how to avoid trouble. The same t
 know, and that. But the whole time you're like, so this has to do with the dichotomy of you're feeling your worst. And having to overcome. You're like literally mentally telling yourself there's no way. There's no fuckin way I'm gonna lose this fight. And then there's even my last bare knuckle match. And getting in the ring and fighting bare knuckle boxing for the first time. And just thinking, just being in a great state. And just looking so forward to seeing. I mean, I called someone. I was talking to them the night before. And I said, yeah, well, I video called you because this face might not look like this when I see you next. And they're just like, ooh, uh, okay. That's not just like empty trash talk. That's like a clarity of mind and a seriousness about. I go, I might die. Most, pretty high chance of being deformed some way. So, but fuck it. I don't really care. Are you, do you think about, are you accepting your own death? Yes, 100%. Yeah, I, in fact, and that's, in a strange way, that's partially what makes it so elevated in terms of my sense of feeling. By b
ly outlast us. Yeah, but they are in a much more narrow environment, right? I mean, you just have a little bit of air pollutions and these trees die and we can adapt, right? We build houses, we build filters, we do geoengineering. So the multiple environment part. Yeah, that is very important, yeah. So that distinguish narrow intelligence from wide intelligence, also in the AI research. So let me ask the Allentourian question. Can machines think? Can machines be intelligent? So in your view, I have to kind of ask, the answer is probably yes, but I want to kind of hear what your thoughts on it. Can machines be made to fulfill this definition of intelligence, to achieve intelligence? Well, we are sort of getting there and on a small scale, we are already there. The wide range of environments are missing, but we have self driving cars, we have programs which play Go and chess, we have speech recognition. So that's pretty amazing, but these are narrow environments. But if you look at AlphaZero, that was also developed by DeepMind. I mean, got famous 
you, was talking about what, data unions or? Yeah. Those are a lot of interesting ideas, but for me, the biggest disagreement was in the level of cynicism. He has a distrust and cynicism towards people in Silicon Valley being able to do these kinds of things. And I'm really, okay, when you have a large crowd of people that are doing things the wrong way, you should nevertheless maintain optimism because what's important is to find the one person in that room that's going to do things the right way. Cynicism is going to completely silence out the whole room. So he was saying, I've been here a long time. Oh yeah. I've known, you know, I understand like how these folks work, they think they're gods and they know the right way to do things and they will tell you how to do those things. And that kind of hubris is going to always lead you astray when you are the one who's engineering the algorithms. And there's a lot of deep truth to that because algorithms are powerful. And many people when given power do not do the best of things. I mean, most, 
test guy in the world. Invited me up to Sloan Kettering to dedicate a new cancer wing. It was like I was hanging out with my dad. And the sweetest man, just so kind, so empathy, because he was a cancer survivor. But now he's got the means to help people who've suffered his fate to a better place. And he was so real and it was so beautiful just to get to know, say, hey, you know what? This guy is a big time guy, but yeah, he's just a regular human like you and I. I'm a guy who went to night college and I went to the army and I'm a blue collar kind of dude. And here's this guy who went to MIT, like you, and he's a wildly successful billionaire, a genius. But yet he can sit down and mix it up with me and know that I was truly grateful. And that to me was just like one of the coolest little relationships I've ever had. It wasn't like we were hanging out, having barbecues together, but like, you know, it was just, I was so touched by his decency. Well, the basics of the, like cancer reveals, you know, it's like fundamental to the human experience. It's trau
, destroys people's savings. So a little bit of inflation is good to stimulate spending. And I mean, I suppose this is one of the things that's supported by Keynesian economics. Why is that wrong? This is basically the whole point of Keynesian economics, is to try and find an endless array of explanations to explain why inflation is a good thing. Well, the chicken and the egg. So that's the cynical take. This is a propaganda machine to sell the government's narrative. The less cynical take is there's a bunch of economists who are telling, who... Who figured out this thing and it happens to be good for banks and governments. Just because it's good for them doesn't mean... And it justifies the existence of government and your basic, I don't think it's your basic assumption, but a foundational principle of your thought is that a lot of government is not a good thing. Your first gut instinct, government bad. Like I mentioned, I live next door to Michael Malice, who probably beats you on the intensity and how quickly he says government bad. So there's
ting. And I agree with that, but that's beautifully put. But we live in a world where most courses and talks have slides, PowerPoint, keynote, and yet you famously often still use a marker and a whiteboard. The simplicity of that is compelling, and for me at least, fun to watch. So let me ask, why do you like using a marker and whiteboard, even on the biggest of stages? I think it depends on the concepts you want to explain. For mathematical concepts, it's nice to build up the equation one piece at a time, and the whiteboard marker or the pen and stylus is a very easy way to build up the equation, to build up a complex concept one piece at a time while you're talking about it, and sometimes that enhances understandability. The downside of writing is that it's slow, and so if you want a long sentence, it's very hard to write that. So I think there are pros and cons, and sometimes I use slides, and sometimes I use a whiteboard or a stylus. The slowness of a whiteboard is also its upside, because it forces you to reduce everything to the basi
ter, okay? And then, you know, it proves over it and over it. And it's developed in a way that all parts of this Ghetto Machine can self improve, but it stays provably consistent with the original specification. So from this perspective, it has nothing to do with iXe. But if you would now put iXe as the starting axioms in, it would run iXe, but you know, that takes forever. But then if it finds a provable speed up of iXe, it would replace it by this and this and this. And maybe eventually it comes up with a model which is still the iXe model. It cannot be, I mean, just for the knowledgeable reader, iXe is incomputable and that can prove that therefore there cannot be a computable exact algorithm computers. There needs to be some approximations and this is not dealt with the Ghetto Machine. So you have to do something about it. But there's the iXe TL model, which is finitely computable, which we could put in. Which part of iXe is noncomputable? The Solomonov induction part. The induction, okay, so. But there is ways of getting computable app
imarily about communication. Yeah. Between external computing devices and our biological thinking machine. What worries you about nanobots? Is it similar to with the viruses? Well, I mean, it's the great goo challenge. Yes. If you had a nanobot that wanted to create any kind of entity and repeat itself, and was able to operate in a natural environment, it could turn everything into that entity and basically destroy all biological life. So you mentioned nuclear weapons. Yeah. I'd love to hear your opinion about the 21st century and whether you think we might destroy ourselves. And maybe your opinion, if it has changed by looking at what's going on in Ukraine, that we could have a hot war with nuclear powers involved and the tensions building and the seeming forgetting of how terrifying and destructive nuclear weapons are. Do you think humans might destroy ourselves in the 21st century, and if we do, how? And how do we avoid it? I don't think that's gonna happen despite the terrors of that war. It is a possibility, but I mean, I don't. It's unlike
nceling, we worked with, for the instruments, for the sensor and instruments, we worked with a small company near where you are, because it was our MIT people that got them that were, you know, interested in the problem because they thought they might be able to commercialize it for making stable tables to make microelectronics, for example, which are limited by how stable the table is. I mean, at this point, it's a little expensive. So you never know, never know where this leads. So maybe on the, let me ask you, just sticking it a little longer, this silly old mechanical engineering problem. What was to you kind of the darkest moment of what was the hardest stumbling block to get over on the engineer side? Like, was there any time where there's a doubt, where it's like, I'm not sure we would be able to do this, a kind of engineering challenge that was hit? Do you remember anything like that? I think the one that my colleague at MIT, Ray Weiss, worked on so hard and was much more of a worry than this. This is only a question if you're not doi
 are negative in my life, I'm more able to identify them. So I don't act on that. It's a very bad time to act on those decisions, but I'm like recording that information because I usually, when I'm well rested and happy, I see the beauty in everybody, which can get you into trouble. So you have to balance those two things. But yes, it's fascinating. But there's irony there too, which is the fact that, you know, when you're well rested and well slept, just as you said, you see the beauty in life and it sort of enlivens you and sort of gives you a quality of life that's emotionally very different. Yet then we are contrasting that against the need for not getting enough sleep because of the beautiful things that you want to accomplish in life. And I don't actually see them as, you know, sort of completely counterintuitive or paradoxical because I still think that you can strive for all of the brilliant things that you are striving for, to have the monumental goals, the Herculean challenges that you wish to take on and solve. They can still enth
e the self esteem, that's where the self esteem and identity come in with people. It's not only that you don't have anything to eat. You don't even have a self anymore to speak of because the, we typically define ourselves, you know, as Marx put it, you are what you do. And now who are you when your way of life, as well as your way of earning a living is no longer available? Yeah. And it feels like that yearning for self esteem that we could talk a little bit more, because you about defining self esteem is quite interesting. The more I've read Warm at the Core and just in general, your thinking, it made me realize I haven't thought enough about the idea of self esteem. But the thing I want to say is, it feels like when you lose your self esteem, it feels like when you lose your job, then it's easy to find, it's tempting to find that self esteem in a tribe that's not somehow often positive. It's like a tribe that defines itself on the hatred of somebody else. So that's brilliant. And this is what John Gray, the philosopher in the 1990s, predicted wh
re just unbelievable. And I don't think anyone was anticipating 20 years ago, let's say, when this all started, just the speed with which they'd be able to rack up these incredible achievements. If you've kind of even seen a little bit of how the sausage is made and so the difficulty of doing any kind of space travel, what they've achieved is just unbelievable. What about maybe a question about Elon Musk? Even more than Jeff Bezos, he has a very kind of ambitious vision of this project that we're on as a species, of becoming a multi planetary species and becoming that quickly, as soon as possible, landing on Mars, colonizing Mars. What do you think of that project? There's two questions to ask. First, the question is, what do you think about the project of colonizing Mars? And second, what do you think about a human being who is so unapologetically ambitious at achieving the impossible, what a lot of people would say is impossible? I think that colonizing Mars is the kind of goal that's easily stated. It's catchy. It's the kind of thing that ca
d I've seen so many examples of people trying to portray themselves as one thing. And then in the ring, you see who they really are. Or even when they're trying to portray themselves as one thing and they're winning, the crowd, at times, will see who they really are and still hate them, you know? And it's like, well, I said all the good things. Bro, don't work that way. Yeah, but speaking of Fhrer, if we take you out of the picture, who are the greatest mixed martial arts fighters of all time? I feel. You out of the picture. As a cop out, to some degree, I feel like we need a little bit more time, you know? So, to see how this unfolds. Because you gotta compare a lot of things. And I, did I, I think I'm. Like centuries? I did an interview. I don't know about centuries. But that would help if we can keep accurate records and not allow too much bias to fall in. Too much propaganda. The victor's still there, right? Yeah, but I made an argument. I was in, I get a, it was a interview with an MMA outlet of some sort. And I can't recall who it was. But, oh, it was an 
d is to design different cutting technologies. So now this was a big parenthesis on CRISPR, but now when we were talking about perturbations, you basically now have the ability to not just look at correlation between enhancers and genes, but actually go and either destroy that enhancer and see if the gene changes in expression, or you can use the CRISPR targeting system to bring in not vandalism and cutting, but you can couple the CRISPR system with, and the CRISPR system is called usually CRISPR Cas9 because Cas9 is the protein that will then come and cut. But there's a version of that protein called dead Cas9 where the cutting part is deactivated. So you basically use the dead Cas9 to bring in an activator or to bring in a repressor. So you can now ask, is this enhancer changing that gene by taking this modified CRISPR, which is already modified from the bacteria to be used in humans, that you can now modify the Cas9 to be dead Cas9, and you can now further modify to bring in a regulator, and you can basically turn on or turn of
criticism is about energy. So the proof of work, consensus mechanism uses a lot of energy. What's the response to that criticism of Bitcoin? Yes, because it's worth it. Okay, the airplane uses a lot more energy than a kayak. You know, when you're gonna cross the Atlantic next time, what are you gonna take? A kayak that is environmentally friendly, according to this insane definition, or are you gonna take an airplane that consumes a lot of energy? So the cost benefit analysis here, essentially, you have to consider both the cost and the benefit. Exactly, and I think it's an astonishing testament to just how far backward people's scientific and technological thinking has devolved to the point where we think of energy consumption as a bad thing. I think it's just... And in the Fiat standard, I discussed the whole hysteria around energy, and I think it's a product of Fiat inflation because it's a way of trying to covering up the fact that energy fuels that are reliable and necessary for the current world are becoming more and more expensive be
esign. And now we can use evolution to give that design for you. And it might mean optimizing hyperparameters, like the depth of layers and so on, or the topology of the network, how many layers, how they're connected, but also other aspects like what activation functions you use where in the network during the learning process, or what loss function you use, you could generalize that. You could generate that, even data augmentation, all the different aspects of the design of deep learning experiments could be optimized that way. So that's an interaction between two mechanisms. But there's also, when we get more into cognitive science and the topics that we've been talking about, you could have learning mechanisms at two level timescales. So you do have an evolution that gives you baby neural networks that then learn during their lifetime. And you have this interaction of two timescales. And I think that can potentially be really powerful. Now, in biology, we are not born with all our faculties. We have to learn, we have a developmental
an be said or not and so on? Do you have any ideas, thoughts on the possible future? Of course, nobody knows how to do it, but do you have thoughts of what a better Twitter might look like? I think that text based media are intrinsically going to be very hard to be conducive to rational discussion, because if you think about it from an informational perspective, if I just send you a text of less than, what is it now, 240 characters, 280 characters, I think, that's a tiny amount of information compared to, say, you and I talking now, where you have access to the words I say, which is the same as in text, but also my tone, also my body language, and we're very poorly designed to be able to assess... I have to read all of this context into anything you say, so maybe your partner sends you a text and has a full stop at the end. Are they mad at you? You don't know. You have to infer everything about this person's mental state from whether they put a full stop at the end of a text or not. Well, the flip side of that is it truly text that's the problem he
He said no on the legislation. I witnessed a cop who was dying get out of his wheelchair and said, hey brother, I got a half a million dollars in medical bills and I'm a short timer. I got a few months to live. Who the F is gonna pay him? Do the right thing. You say you're a cop, you show me you're a cop and you sign that paper. And the guy started tearing up the Congressman and he signed it, but he had to be freaking shamed. And you know what he said? Well, this doesn't really confront me. This is pork as far as my district is concerned. He goes, oh yeah, do you know there's 10 guys from your district who came across the country to help us that are also dying? He had no idea. He had no idea. And that's the sad part about Alex. It's a failure in leadership. I think some people would vote for Mickey Mouse just because if he ran. I mean, I have no offense against Mickey Mouse. I like him, he's a good guy, right? I mean, but like, I mean. Allegedly. Allegedly, supposedly. We don't know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But seriously, I look at some of the leaderships sometime
the steps and you know painful experiences well my what would become good at is working with our partners to think through all the things beyond just the machine learning model or running the jupyter notebook but to build the entire system manage the change process and figure out how to deploy this in a way that has an actual impact the processes that the large software tech companies use for deploying don't work for a lot of other scenarios for example when I was leading large speech teams if the speech recognition system goes down what happens well alarms goes off and then someone like me would say hey you 20 engine environment you 20 engineers please fix this but if you have a system girl in the factory there are not 20 machine learning engineers sitting around you can page your duty and have them fix it so how do you deal with the maintenance or the or the dev ops or the mo ops or the other aspects of this so these are concepts that I think landing AI and a few other teams on the cutting edge but we don't even ha
ands and thousands of molecules, every single time testing, you know, all of these genes and asking which of these molecules perturb these genes. So that's technology number one, automation and robotics. Technology number two is parallel readouts. So instead of perturbing one locus and then asking if I use CRISPR Cas9 on this enhancer to basically use dCas9 to turn on or turn off the enhancer, or if I use CRISPR Cas9 on the SNP to basically change that one SNP at a time, then what happens? But we have 120,000 disease associated SNPs that we want to test. We don't want to spend 120,000 years doing it. So what do we do? We've basically developed this technology for massively parallel reporter assays, MPRA. So in collaboration with Tarsha Mikkelsen, Eric Lander, I mean, Jason Durie's group has done a lot of that. So there's a lot of groups that basically have developed technologies for testing 10,000 genetic variants at a time. How do you do that? You know, we talked about microarray technology, the ability to synthesize these huge microarrays that allow you to 
you, it gives you a gold standard. So I have proven that this is the most intelligent agents which anybody could build in quotation mark, because it's just mathematical and you need infinite compute. But this is the limit and this is completely specified. It's not just a framework and every year, tens of frameworks are developed, which are just skeletons and then pieces are missing. And usually these missing pieces, turn out to be really, really difficult. And so this is completely and uniquely defined and we can analyze that mathematically. And we've also developed some approximations. I can talk about that a little bit later. That would be sort of the top down approach, like say for Neumann's minimax theory, that's the theoretical optimal play of games. And now we need to approximate it, put heuristics in, prune the tree, blah, blah, blah, and so on. So we can do that also with the ICSE model, but for general AI. It can also inspire those, and most researchers go bottom up, right? They have the systems, they try to make it more general, more 
nary computation yet. Does that require a dramatic expansion of the representation? Is that what that is? Most likely it does, but it's quite, we don't even understand it in biology very well where it's coming from. So it would be really good to look at major transitions in biology, try to characterize them a little bit more in detail, what the processes are. How does a, so like a unit, a cell is no longer evaluated alone. It's evaluated as part of a community, a multi cell organism. Even though it could reproduce, now it can't alone. It has to have that environment. So there's a push to another level, at least a selection. And how do you make that jump to the next level? Yes, how do you make the jump? As part of the algorithm. Yeah, yeah. So we haven't really seen that in computation yet. And there are certainly attempts to have open ended evolution. Things that could add more complexity and start selecting at a higher level. But it is still not quite the same as going from single to multi to society, for instance, in biology. So there essential
g or a feature? I would say it makes our life as a scientist really, really much harder. I mean, think about without noise, we wouldn't need all of the statistics. But then maybe we wouldn't feel like there's a free will. Maybe we need that for the... This is an illusion that noise can give you free will. At least in that way, it's a feature. But also, if you don't have noise, you have chaotic phenomena, which are effectively like noise. So we can't get away with statistics even then. I mean, think about rolling a dice and forget about quantum mechanics and you know exactly how you throw it. But I mean, it's still so hard to compute the trajectory that effectively it is best to model it as coming out with a number, this probability one over six. But from this set of philosophical Kolmogorov complexity perspective, if we didn't have noise, then arguably you could describe the whole universe as well as a standard model plus generativity. I mean, we don't have a theory of everything yet, but sort of assuming we are close to it or have it. Plus the i
 think his answer is? The honest answer? He thinks he's on that trajectory already or he doesn't care about that long term trajectory. So that's the mystery for me with him. He's clever. He has tremendous sources of information. He has great experience now as a world leader having served for effectively longer than Leonid Brezhnev's long 18 year reign. And so Putin has accumulated a great deal of experience at the highest level compared to where he started. And so I'm interested to understand how he sees this long term evolution or non evolution of Russia and whether he believes he's got them on the right trajectory or whether if he doesn't believe that he cares. I have no idea because I've never spoken to him about this, but I would love to hear the answer. Sometimes you have to ask questions not directly like that, but you have to come a little bit sideways. You can elicit answers from people by making them feel comfortable and coming sideways with them. And just a quick question. So that's talking about Russia, Putin's role in Russia. 
ey first went to the nearest food and then they started to plot a trajectory so they get more, but then they started to pay attention what the other robot was doing. And in the end, there was a behavior where one of the robots, the most sophisticated one, sensed where the food pieces were and identified that the other robot was close to two of a very far distance and there was one more food nearby. So it faked, now I'm using anthropomorphizing terms, but it made a move towards those other pieces in order for the other robot to actually go and get them because it knew that the last remaining piece of food was close and the other robot would have to travel a long way, lose its energy and then lose the whole competition. So there was like emergence of something like a theory of mind, knowing what the other robot would do, to guide it towards bad behavior in order to win. So we can get things like that happen in simulation as well. But that's a complete natural emergence of a theory of mind. But I feel like if you add a little bi
t they knew about how many galaxies there are and how many stars and how many planets then are like the Earth and blah, blah, blah. That's been done much better by somebody named Drake. And so, people usually refer to the, I don't know whether it's called the Drake formula or something, but it has the same conclusion. The conclusion is it would be a miracle if there weren't other, you know, the statistics are so high that how can we be singular and separate? So, probably there is, but there's almost certainly life somewhere. Maybe there was even life on Mars a while back, but intelligent life, probably. So, you know, the statistics say that communicating with us, I think that it's harder than people think. We might not know the right way to expect the communication, but all the communication that we know about travels at the speed of light. And we don't think anything can go faster than the speed of light. That limits the problem quite a bit. And it makes it difficult to have any back and forth communication. You could send signals like we t
that care for me, will come to me and say, you have a dream, work harder. It's like the healthy thing should be a component of a life well lived, but not everything. And I don't know what to do with that because you certainly don't want to espouse. And just like you said, when you were working in your book, there is a belief, sleep was a secondary citizen in the full spectrum of what's a healthy life. But at the same time, I'm bothered by in Silicon Valley and all these kinds of work environments that I get to work with, with engineers, is there's to me too much focus on work life balance. And what that usually starts meaning is like, yeah, yeah, of course, it's good to have a social life, it's good to have a family, it's good to eat well and sleep well, but we should also discover our passion. We should also give ourselves a chance to work our ass off towards a dream and make mistakes and take big risks that in the short term seem to sacrifice health. And I think to come back to how you started about David Goggins, who I've never met, but who 
k. No, you're not under the current regime. It was a big loss for Russia if you're patriotic, but not from the point of view of the Putin regime. That has to do, also factors into popularity. If the people who don't like you leave, they're not there to complain, to protest, to vote against you. And so your opposition declines when you let them leave. However, it's very costly in human capital terms. Hemorrhaging that much human capital is damaging, it's self damaging. And we've seen it accelerate. It was already high, but we've seen it accelerate in the last seven to eight years of President Putin's rule. And those people are not going back of their own volition. But even if they wanted to go back, as you just said, they'd be unwelcome. That's a big cost to pay for this regime. And so whatever benefits this regime might or might not have given to the country, the disadvantages, the downside, the costs are also really high. So we don't want Putin lasting in power as long as Stalin. It would be better if Russia were able to choose among options, to cho
just people of service. I think great teachers are the greatest thing in our society. And I would say, now on a controversial note, like Black Lives Matter, you know, great police officers is the greatest thing in our society. Also, like all people that do service, we undervalue cops severe, like this whole defund the police is missing the point. And it's a stupid word. I'm with you on that, Lex. Our neighbors to one side of our house are three generations of police, our neighbors across the street are police. They know my, you know, political predilections. And we've gotten along fine for 30 years. And I go out and tell them every day, you know, when you go in today, you tell the people on the force that I appreciate what they're doing. I think it's really important to not tribalize those concerns. I mean, we mentioned so many brilliant books and philosophers, but it'd be nice to sort of in a focused way, try to see if we can get some recommendations from you. So what three books, technical or fiction or philosophical had a big impact in your li
d this is why I think there's a good case to be made for why the fiat authorities might embrace Bitcoin because they'll see it is their way out of this enormous debt bubble that everybody is stuck in. Particularly, the richest and most powerful people in the world and the richest and most powerful governments in the world are the world's biggest borrowers. They're the ones in a lot of debt. So a continuous slow devaluation of the value of that debt as people upgrade and move on to a hard asset that continues to appreciate is the peaceful way that we wind down the fiat ponzi, I think. You could see it being like a political, part of a political platform for future people that run for president, those kinds of things to address. Obviously, it's not just for the powerful and the rich. The people are bothered by the debt. The people are bothered by everything that you describe with fiat. And if you wanna sell yourself in a democracy as a good leader, you might want to make that part of the platform. You mentioned you know Michael Ma
a good idea? That sounds like a good idea. Yeah. It means that he showed that that with the distortion of space time, you could transfer energy just by this little idea. And it was shown theoretically. So at that point, it was believed theoretically then by people that gravitational waves should exist. No, we should be able to detect them. We should be able to detect them, except that they're very, very small. And so what kind of, there's a bunch of questions here, but what kind of events would generate gravitational waves? You have to have this, what I call quadrupole moment. That comes about if I have, for example, two objects that go around each other like this, like the earth around the sun or the moon around the earth, or in our case, it turns out to be two black holes going around each other like this. So how's that different than basic oscillation back and forth? Is it just more common in nature to have... Oscillation is a dipole moment. So it has to be in three dimensional space kind of oscillation. So you have to have something that
sensor the size of the solar system. That would be a fantastic, I mean, that would be a pinnacle artifact of human endeavor to me. It would be such an inspiring thing that just we want to know, and we go to these extraordinary lengths of making gigantic things that are also very sophisticated because what you're trying to do, you have to understand how they move. You have to understand the properties of light that are being used, the interference between light, and you have to be able to make the light with lasers and understand the quantum theory and get the timing exactly right. It's an extraordinary endeavor involving all kinds of knowledge from the very small to the very large, and all in the service of curiosity and built on a grand scale, so. Yeah, it would make me proud to be a human if we did that. I love that you're inspired both by the power of theory and the power of experiment. So both, I think, are exceptionally impressive that the human mind can come up with theories that give us a peek into how the universe works, b
 here as we're speaking. So we can complain about the universities, but that's like complaining about the podcast, right? We be them. But speaking on the weird, you've in the best sense of the word weird, you've written about and made the case that we should take UFO sightings more seriously. So that's one of the things that I've been inundated with, sort of the excitement and the passion that people have for the possibility of extraterrestrial life, of life out there in the universe. I've always felt this excitement. I was just looking up at the stars and wondering what the hell's out there. But there's people that have more like, more grounded excitement and passion of actually interacting with aliens on this here, our planet. What's the case from your perspective for taking these sightings more seriously? The data from the Navy, to me, seem quite serious. I don't pretend that I have the technical abilities to judge it as data, but there are numerous senators at the very highest of levels, former heads of CIA, Brennan. I talked to him, did an
 life that if you look back that you're especially proud of or you're especially happy what would be the that filled you with happiness and fulfillment well two answers one does my daughter know of her yes of course because I know how much time I spent with her I just can't spend enough time with her congratulations by the way thank you and then second is helping other people I think to me I think the meaning of life is helping others achieve whatever are their dreams and then also to try to move the world forward making humanity more powerful as a whole so the times that I felt most happy most proud was when I felt someone else allowed me the good fortune of helping them a little bit on the path to their dreams I think there's no better way to end it than talking about happiness and the meaning of life so Andrew it's a huge honor me and millions of people thank you for all the work you've done thank you for talking today thank you so much thanks thanks for listening to this conversation with Andrew Ng and thank yo
t when they looked at their usage statistics, they found that they would have people in the morning meditating. And then there's a huge number of people using the meditation app in the evening. What they were doing was self medicating their insomnia. And they finally, rather than railing against it, they started to see it as a cash cow, rightly so. So I found meditation to be helpful. Having a wind down routine is the other thing that's critical for me. I can't just go from, because when my mind is switched on and I think you may be like this too, if I get into bed, that Rolodex of thoughts and information and excitement and anxiety and worry is just whirling away. And it's not gonna be a good night for me. So I have to find a wind down routine. And that makes sense when you realize what sleep is like. Sleep is not like a light switch. Sleep is much more like trying to land a plane. You know, it takes time to descend down onto the terra firma that we call sound sleep at night. And we have this for kids. You know, I don't have children, b
 to violence, he lied, he spoke out of all sides of his mouth, he slandered other people, he sabotaged potential rivals. He used every underhanded method, and then some, in order to build his personal dictatorship. Now he justified this, as you said, by appeals to communism and to Soviet power. To himself as well too. To himself and to others. And so he justified it in his own mind and to others, but certainly any means, right, were acceptable to him to achieve these ends. And he identified his personal power with communism and with Russian glory in the world. So he felt that he was the only one who could be trusted, who could be relied upon to build these things. Now, we put ourselves back in that time period. The Great Depression was a very difficult time for the capitalist system. There was mass unemployment, a lot of hardship, fascism, Nazism, Imperial Japan. There were a lot of associations that were negative with the kind of capitalist system that was not a hundred percent, not a monolith, but had a lot of authoritarian incarnations
stic on that, but he did. Now the denial of death is, there's a chapter devoted to Kierkegaard. And he talks about for Kierkegaard, if you want to become a mature individual, if you want to learn something, you go to the university. If you want to become a more mature individual, according to Kierkegaard, you got to go to the school of anxiety. And what Kierkegaard said is that we have to let this vague dis ease, put a hyphen between dis and ease about death. Kierkegaard's point is you have to really think about that. You have to think about it and feel it. You got to let it seek in or seep into your mind. At which point, according to Kierkegaard, basically you realize that your present identity is fundamentally a cultural construction. You didn't choose the time and place of your birth. You didn't choose your name. You didn't choose necessarily even the social role that you occupy. You might've chosen from what's available in your culture, but not from the full palette of human opportunities. And so what Kierkegaard said is that we need t
 aspects to it. I have expectations when I turn it on, what's gonna happen, what or how long it's gonna take to do certain things, if I bring up an app, what sequences, and so I have, and it's like melodies in the world, you know? Melody has a sense of time. So many things in the world move and act, one way to think about it, is we have all these models of the world, okay? And we model everything. And as I said earlier, I kind of snuck it in there, our models are actually, we build composite structure. So every object is composed of other objects, which are composed of other objects, and they become members of other objects. So this room has chairs and a table and a room and walls and so on. Now we can just arrange these things in a certain way and go, oh, that's the nomenclature conference room. So, and what we do is when we go around the world and we experience the world, by walking into a room, for example, the first thing I do is I can say, oh, I'm in this room, do I recognize the room? Then I can say, oh, look, there's a table here. And by attendi
t I think people don't in the robotics space explore enough is the human robot interaction part of the picture, which is how it makes humans feel, how robots make humans feel. And I think that's going to have a very significant impact in the near future in society, which is the more you integrate AI systems of whatever form into society where humans are in contact with them regularly. So that could be embodied robotics or that could be social media algorithms. I think that has a very significant impact. And people often think like AI needs to be super smart to have an impact. I think it needs to be super integrated with society to have an impact and more and more that's happening, even if they're dumb. Yeah. Yeah. No, I mean, a lot of my exposure to robots is that I'm associated with a combat robotics team. And I've been to a few battle bots competitions. And that's not like a lot of ways that's pretty far from the kind of robotics you're talking about because these robots are remote controlled. They're not autonomous. And so they're pre
me theory never predicted USA and USSR would have a war, would not have a war. But trying to think through the logic of strategic conflict, if you know game theory, it's just a much more interesting discussion. Are you surprised that we, speaking of the Soviet Union and the United States and speaking of game theory, are you surprised that we haven't destroyed ourselves with nuclear weapons yet? Like that simple formulation of mutually assured destruction, that's a good example of an explanation that perhaps allows us to ask better questions. But it seems to have actually described the reality of why we haven't destroyed ourselves with these ultra powerful weapons. Are you surprised, do you think the game theoretic explanation is at all accurate there? I think we will destroy each other with those weapons. Eventually. Eventually. Look, it's a very low probability event. So I'm not surprised it hasn't happened yet. I'm a little surprised it came as close as it did. You know, you're general thinking, realizing it might've just been a flock of 
ast Eastern European vision, mostly Russian, I would say. And that's in her, that's her actual real philosophy, not this table bounding existence exists. And that's not talked about enough. She's a Russian philosopher. Or Soviet, whatever you wanna call it. And if she wasn't so certain, she could have been a Dostoevsky where it's not, that certainty is almost the thing that brings out the adoration of millions, but also the hatred of millions. She became a cult figure in a somewhat Russian like manner. Yeah. Yeah. It is what it is. But I love the idea that, again, you're just dropping bombs that are poetic, that the wisdom is in the coming together of ideas. It's kind of interesting to think that no one human possesses wisdom. No one idea is the wisdom. That the coming together is the wisdom. Like in my view, Boswell's Life of Johnson, 18th century British biography. It's in essence a coauthored work, Boswell and Johnson. It's one of the greatest philosophy books ever, though it is commonly regarded as a biography. John Stuart Mill, who in a sense was co
o you think we have to think about that as part of effective altruism? Yeah, I think we're just things vary in terms of whether you get benefits or costs from them just in relative terms or in absolute terms. So a lot of the time yeah, there's this hedonic treadmill where if you get you know, there's money is useful because it helps you buy things or good for you because it helps you buy things, but there's also a status component too and that status component is kind of zero sum if you were saying like in Russia, you know, no one else felt poor because everyone around you is poor. Whereas now you've got this these other people who are you know super rich and maybe that makes you feel. You know less good about yourself. There are some other things however, which are just intrinsically good or bad. So commuting for example, it's just people hate it. It doesn't really change knowing the other people are commuting to doesn't make it any any kind of less bad, but it's sort of to push back on that for a second. I mean, yes, but also if some 
therapeutics because of our deep, deep understanding of that basic circuitry and how it allows us to now improve the circuitry. Not just treat it as a black box, but basically go and say, okay, we need a better cell type specific wiring that we now have at the tissue specific level. So we're focusing on that because we're understanding the needs from the disease front. So you have a sense of the entire pipeline, I mean, one, maybe you can indulge me. One nice question to ask would be, how do you, from the scientific perspective, go from knowing nothing about the disease to going, you said, to go into the entire pipeline and actually have a drug or a treatment that cures that disease? So that's an enormously long path and an enormously great challenge. And what I'm trying to argue is that it progresses in stages of understanding rather than one gene at a time. The traditional view of biology was you have one postdoc working on this gene and another postdoc working on that gene, and they'll just figure out everything about that gene an
that we would not see AI really being effective And you fell in love with it in the same way he did with music? Yeah, yeah. I remember this actually happened with my grandmother. She had a manual typewriter and she wrote a book, One Life Is Not Enough, which actually a good title for a book I might write, but it was about a school she had created. Well, actually her mother created it. So my mother's mother's mother created the school in 1868. And it was the first school in Europe that provided higher education for girls. It went through 14th grade. If you were a girl and you were lucky enough to get an education at all, it would go through like ninth grade. And many people didn't have any education as a girl. This went through 14th grade. Her mother created it, she took it over, and the book was about the history of the school and her involvement with it. When she presented it to me, I was not so interested in the story of the school, but I was totally amazed with this manual typewriter. I mean, here is something you could put a blank piece of
 reward should be coupled to how long people wait in front of the elevator. Long wait is bad. You program it and you do it. And what happens is the elevator eagerly picks up all the people, but never drops them off. So then you realize, oh, maybe the time in the elevator also counts, so you minimize the sum, yeah? And the elevator does that, but never picks up the people in the 10th floor and the top floor because in expectation, it's not worth it. Just let them stay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So even in apparently simple problems, you can make mistakes, yeah? And that's what in more serious contexts AGI safety researchers consider. So now let's go back to general agents. So assume you want to build an agent, which is generally useful to humans, yeah? So you have a household robot, yeah? And it should do all kinds of tasks. So in this case, the human should give the reward on the fly. I mean, maybe it's pre trained in the factory and that there's some sort of internal reward for the battery level or whatever, yeah? But so it does the dishes badly, you punis
eah, because it's a distance. He gives a formula, which it's a product of the earth's mass, the apple's mass inversely proportional to the square of the distance between and then the strength he called capital G, the strength he couldn't determine, but it was determined 100 years later. But no one ever saw a violation of this until a possible violation, which Einstein fixed, which was very small that has to do with mercury going around the sun, the orbit being slightly wrong if you calculate it by Newton's theory. But so like most theories then in physics, you can have a wonderful one like Newton's theory. It isn't wrong. But you have to have an improvement on it to answer things that it can't answer. And in this case, Einstein's theory is the next step. We don't know if it's anything like a final theory or even the only way to formulate it either. But he formulated this theory, which he released in 1915. He took 10 years to develop it, even though in 1905, he solved three or four of the most important problems in physics in a matter of months. And then he
dn't advocate from a scientific perspective, the schedule because the science just doesn't, I would feel as though I'm doing you a disservice to say it's okay, that won't come with some blast radius, some health consequences. You can add Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan to that list too. Both of them were very proud chest beaters of how little sleep that they get. Thatcher said four hours, Reagan something similar. And I, knowing the links that we now know between sleep and Alzheimer's disease, I've often wondered whether it was coincidental then that both of them died of the terrible disease of Alzheimer's meaning, maybe it doesn't get you by way of being popped out of the gene pool in a car accident because you had a microsleep at the wheel at age 32, or it doesn't get you at 42 with heart attack or even 52 with cancer or a stroke, maybe it gets you in your seventies. I think the elastic band of sleep deprivation can stretch only so far before it snaps and it ultimately seems to snap. Nicola Tesla, I think he died of a coronary thrombos
e and yet if I were to eat one piece of chocolate, the odds are high that I would end up eating the whole box. This is definitely something I would like to fix because some of the amazing artistry in this world happens in the kitchen and some of the richest human experiences happen over a unique meal. I recently was eating cheeseburgers with Joe Rogan and John Donahue late at night in Austin, talking about jiu jitsu and life and I was distinctly aware of the magic of that experience. Magic made possible by the incredibly delicious cheeseburgers. This is the Lex Friedman podcast and here is my conversation with Tyler Cohen. Would you say economics is more art or science or philosophy or even magic? What is it? Economics is interesting because it's all of the above. To start with magic, the notion that you can make some change and simply everyone's better off, that is a kind of modern magic that has replaced old style magic. It's an art in the sense that the models are not very exact. It's a science in the sense that occasionall
, I mean, I do hope to be around, so that's. Some version of you, yes. So. Do you think you'll be the same person around? I mean, am I the same person I was when I was 20 or 10? You would be the same person in that same way, but yes, we're different, we're different. All we have of that, all you have of that person is your memories, which are probably distorted in some way. Maybe you just remember the good parts, depending on your psyche. You might focus on the bad parts, might focus on the good parts. Right, but I mean, I still have a relationship to the way I was when I was earlier, when I was younger. How will you and the other super intelligent AIs remember you of today from 500 years ago? What do you hope to be remembered by this version of you before the singularity? Well, I think it's expressed well in my books, trying to create some new realities that people will accept. I mean, that's something that gives me great pleasure, and greater insight into what makes humans valuable. I'm not the only person who's tempted to comment on that. And optimism th
hat out of the millions of sperm that are possible, you select the subset that are just not grossly misfolding thousands of proteins. So it's kind of an assert that this is folded correctly. Correct. Yeah. This just because if this little thing about the folding of a protein isn't correct, that probably means somewhere down the line, there's a bigger issue. That's exactly right. So fail fast. So basically if you look at the mammalian investment in a newborn, that investment is enormous in terms of resources. So mammals have basically evolved mechanisms for fail fast. Where basically in those early months of development, I mean it's horrendous of course at the personal level when you lose your future child, but in some ways there's so little hope for that child to develop and sort of make it through the remaining months that sort of fail fast is probably a good evolutionary principle for mammals. And of course humans have a lot of medical resources that you can sort of give those children a chance and we have so much more success i
nd see it for what it is, a mirror of that person, and then map and know that your future is going to be in a zero principle land. And so what you're hearing today is a representation of what may have been the right principles to build upon previously, but they're likely depreciating very fast. And so I am a strong proponent that people ask for advice, but they don't take advice. So how do you take advice properly? It's in the careful examination of the advice. It's actually the person makes a statement about a given thing somebody should follow. The value is not doing that. The value is understanding the assumption stack they built, the assumption and knowledge stack they built around that body of knowledge. That's the value. It's not doing what they say. Considering the advice, but digging deeper to understand the assumption stack, like the full person, I mean, this is deep empathy, essentially, to understand the journey of the person that arrived at the advice. And the advice is just the tip of the iceberg that ultimately is not the t
aging for food, and worse still, you're vulnerable to predation. So on any one of those grounds, especially as a collective, sleep should have been strongly selected against in the course of evolution. But in every species that we've studied carefully to date, sleep is present. Yeah, so it is important. So like you're right. I think I've heard arguments from an evolutionary biology perspective that sleep is actually advantageous, maybe like some kind of predator prey relationships. But you're saying, and it actually makes way more sense what you're saying is it should have been selected against. Like why close your eyes? Yeah, why? Because there was an energy conservation hypothesis for a while, which is that we need to essentially go into low battery mode, power down, because it's unsustainable. But in fact, that actually has been blasted out the water because sleep is an incredibly active process. In fact, the difference between you just lying on the couch but remaining conscious versus you lying on the couch and falling asleep, it's only a
ent. What is better credit assignment? It's giving us, it gives us faster learning, right? And so faster learning is ultimately maybe what we're after. And so that's where we ended up with the RL squared paper on learning to reinforcement learn, which at a time Rocky Dwan led. And that's exactly the meta learning approach where you say, okay, we don't know how to design hierarchy. We know what we want to get from it. Let's just enter and optimize for what we want to get from it and see if it might emerge. And we saw things emerge. The maze navigation had consistent motion down hallways, which is what you want. A hierarchical control should say, I want to go down this hallway. And then when there is an option to take a turn, I can decide whether to take a turn or not and repeat. Even had the notion of where have you been before or not to not revisit places you've been before. It still didn't scale yet to the real world kind of scenarios I think you had in mind, but it was some sign of life that maybe you can meta learn these hierarchical c
ld in rubles. So they will buy and sell gold at a fixed ruble rate, which effectively means you're on a gold standard. Now, I'm not sure how much, how serious this is, how they've managed to stick to it, but it seems to have stabilized the ruble and in fact brought it back to its pre war level, which I found absolutely astonishing, considering all the sanctions going on. But in the short run, it's obviously much better than having your currency pegged to nothing. But in the long run, I also don't think gold is gonna cut it in the 21st century. Do you think there's any chance they go full gangster move and go into the digital space on the blockchain and go with Bitcoin? I think the point of this discussion is that, we run through all these other options, a Chinese based system, why it probably won't work, a commodity based system, why it won't work, and a gold based system, why it won't work. I think they might have to learn this the wrong way. I mean, the hard way. But eventually, I don't see them doing it now, but eventually I think the winning mo
 a dance of human to robot connection the same way human to dog or human to cat connection, that there's a magic there to that interaction. And I'm not sure how to create that magic, but it's a worthy effort. I also love, just exactly as you said, on the question of consciousness or engineering consciousness, the fun thing about this problem is it seems obvious to me that a hundred years from now, no matter what we do today, people, if we're still here, will laugh at how silly our notions were. So like, it's almost impossible for me to imagine that we will truly solve this problem fully in my lifetime. And more than that, everything we'll do will be silly a hundred years from now, but it's still, that makes it fun to me because it's like you have the full freedom to not even be right, just to try. Just to try is freedom. And that's how I see that. Get me that T shirt, please. I love that. So, and human robot interaction is fascinating because it's like watching dancing. I've been dancing tango recently and just, it's like, there is no goal. The goal
 cops from the train tunnels. Like, just, you know, we knew everybody was going there, and now they're gone. So what you saw, what were we looking at? What did it look like? So you saw rubble, and then you knew that many, that 105 and 201, many of those guys are in the, they're dead. Yeah, and we thought 114 was in there, too. We didn't realize at that point. We didn't even realize that they had gotten under that truck. We thought they were all gone. But yeah, it looked like, it looked like a movie scene with just end of the earth destruction. It's just massive piles of intertwined steel, what was left of the steel. And you know, there was no cement. It was all just dust. And it was just a burning pile of dust and concrete and plastic. And it was just, everything was just pulverized. And it was truly hard to mentally compute that. Like, it was like, what? And then there was just fighter jets, a couple of fighter jets just circling. And you just heard them flying by over your head. I mean, you'd literally see the guy banking a turn around a Brooklyn bridge and ju
 cool. Well, my present view is I'm like, here's what this Heidegger guy says. I think these ideas are consistent with what Becker is saying because they are anchored in death anxiety. But I like that direction as an alternative to the Kierkegaardian insistence that the only psychologically tenable way to extricate ourselves from maladaptive reactions to death anxiety is through faith in the traditional sense. Yeah, I always kind of saw Kierkegaard unfairly, like you said, in a comic book sense of the word faith as a non traditional sense. I kind of like the idea of leap of faith. Oh, I love that idea. And so what I've been babbling about with, you know, Heidegger, I'm like, yeah, Kierkegaard is a leap of faith in God. Heidegger is a leap of faith in life. And I just like it. I found the leap of faith really interesting in the technological space. So I've talked to on this thing with Elon Musk, but I think he's also just in general for our culture, a really important figure. Oh, absolutely. That takes, I mean, sometimes a little bit insane on 
? Yeah. So that's what you're trying to achieve. Yes. Okay. How do you do that? Actually, mostly if we take multiple objects or people, I mean, you put them together, the sum is less. Yes. Why? Because they overlap. So you don't have individual things that, you know, this person does that, this person does that, then you get exactly the sum. But what you want is to develop where you get more than what the individual contributions are. We know that's very common. People use that expression everywhere. And it's the expression that has to be kind of built into how people feel it's working. Because if you're part of a team, and you realize that somehow the team is able to do more than the individuals could do themselves, then they buy on kind of in terms of the process. So that's the, that's the goal that you have to have is to, to achieve that. And that means that you have to realize parts of what you're trying to do that require not that one person couldn't do it, it requires the combined talents to be able to do something that neither of them could d
ause they had savings in gold. They had the security with something that you know is gonna be there. And then you can take a risk with the stuff that is extra. You know, I have say three years expenditures in gold under my mattress. And I know that I could take a risk with everything else because whatever bad things happen with all of my dreams, like even, you know, flying, think about how insane that is. I still can go back to the three years of gold that I have saved. It's still okay to take on debt given the stuff, the gold under the mattress. Well, this is the thing, under the gold standard, the way that people finance things was predominantly with capital, with equity. So you would, because you had gold savings, I had gold savings, everybody had gold savings. When you wanted to start the business, you could use your own savings or somebody else's savings. So you didn't need to get into debt. Well, you could get equity from others and you could also get debt from others. So there was. But it's directly mapped to physical reality. Yeah, it
 could contribute something that unique that other people did not see. And then that could change the way things move forward for a while. So, I don't think we have to be Mozart to be called intelligence, but we have this local effect that is changing. If you weren't there, that would not have happened. And it's a positive effect, of course, you want it to be a positive effect. Do you think it's possible to engineer into computational agents, a fear of mortality? Like, does that make any sense? So, there's a very trivial thing where it's like, you could just code in a parameter, which is how long the life ends, but more of a fear of mortality, like awareness of the way that things end and somehow encoding a complex representation of that fear, which is like, maybe as it gets closer, you become more terrified. I mean, there seems to be something really profound about this fear that's not currently encodable in a trivial way into our programs. Well, I think you're referring to the emotion of fear, something, because we have cognitively, we know th
 paper into and you could turn it into something that looked like it came from a book. And you can actually type on it and it looked like it came from a book. It was just amazing to me. And I could see actually how it worked. And I was also interested in magic. But in magic, if somebody actually knows how it works, the magic goes away. The magic doesn't stay there if you actually understand how it works. But here was technology. I didn't have that word when I was five or six. And the magic was still there for you? The magic was still there, even if you knew how it worked. So I became totally interested in this and then went around, collected little pieces of mechanical objects from bicycles, from broken radios. I would go through the neighborhood. This was an era where you would allow five or six year olds to run through the neighborhood and do this. We don't do that anymore. But I didn't know how to put them together. I said, if I could just figure out how to put these things together, I could solve any problem. And I actually remember
r knowledge that we have to die that makes us human. And I remember reading that. And in my gut, I was like, oh, man, I don't like that. But I think you're onto something. And then William James, the great Harvard philosopher and arguably the first academic psychologist, he referred to death as the worm at the core of the human condition. So that's where the worm at the core idea comes in. And that's just an allusion to the story of Genesis back in the proverbial old days in the Garden of Eden. Everything was going tremendously well until the serpent tempts Eve to take a chop out of the apple of the tree of knowledge, and Adam partakes also. And this is, according to the Bible, what brings death into the world. And from our vantage point, the story of Genesis is a remarkable allegorical recount of the origin of consciousness, where we get to the point where, by virtue of our vast intelligence, we come to realize the inevitability of death. And so, you know, the apple is beautiful and it's tasty. But when you get right into the middle of it
tivation patterns in your brain as throughout this entire time we are wearing it. So in the reaction to the jokes and as we were sitting here talking, and so we're moving towards a real time feed of your cortical brain activity. So there's a bunch of things that are in contact with my skull right now. How many of them are there? And so how many of them are, what are they? What are the actual sensors? There's 52 modules, and each module has one laser and six sensors. And the sensors fire in about 100 picoseconds. And then the photons scatter and absorb in your brain. And then a few go in, a few come back out, a bunch go in, then a few come back out, and we sense those photons and then we do the reconstruction for the activity. Overall, there's about a thousand plus channels that are sampling your activity. How difficult is it to make it as comfortable as it is? Because it's surprisingly comfortable. I would not think it would be comfortable. Something that's measuring brain activity, I would not think it would be comfortable, but it is. I agree. 
nk you for listening, and hope to see you next time. to solve, which aren't. I love your question because he puts it in the context of a global effort rather than just the local effort. So basically if you look at the global aspect, exercise and nutrition are two interventions that we can as a society make a much better job at. So if you think about sort of the availability of cheap food, it's extremely high in calories. It's extremely detrimental for you, like a lot of processed food, et cetera. So if we change that equation and as a society, we made availability of healthy food much, much easier and charged a burger at McDonald's, the price that it costs on the health system, then people would actually start buying more healthy foods. So basically that's sort of a societal intervention, if you wish. In the same way, increasing empathy, increasing education, increasing the social framework and support would basically lead to fewer suicides. It would lead to fewer murders. It would lead to fewer deaths overall. So that's something that we 
's like dying. Like little deaths. It's little deaths. And if I didn't wake up, it wouldn't matter to me. Only if I knew that was gonna happen would it be bothersome. If I didn't know it was gonna happen, how would I know? Then I would worry about my wife. So imagine I was a loner and I lived in Alaska and I lived out there and there was no animals. Nobody knew I existed. I was just eating these roots all the time. And nobody knew I was there. And one day I didn't wake up. What pain in the world would there exist? Well, so most people that think about this problem would say that you're just deeply enlightened or are completely delusional. One of the two. But I would say that's a very enlightened way to see the world. That's the rational one as well. It's rational, that's right. But the fact is we don't, I mean, we really don't have an understanding of why the heck it is we're born and why we die and what happens after we die. Well, maybe there isn't a reason, maybe there is. So I'm interested in those big problems too, right? You interviewed Max Tegmark, 
em. So the reason I don't know if governments had to, because they clearly didn't have to, because they eventually moved away from it. But there was pressure probably. Yeah, but even after they moved away from it, central banks, until today, they still hold a lot of gold reserves. In fact, if you look at 1914, when the world really went off the gold standard, the amount of gold reserves held by central banks was a tiny fraction of what it was. As time went on, central banks accumulated more and more gold. What ended up happening is they prevented their citizens from using the gold, but they continued to use it. So gold continued to be money up until 1971 because effectively the world was on a dollar standard and the dollars were backed by gold. But then after 1971, even then, central banks continued to accumulate gold because why would you as a central bank want to accumulate pieces of paper effectively or credit liabilities of another central bank that can produce them infinitely? And it's a lesson that's becoming more and more obvious to govern
 so called provisional government, has failed. And so there's not so much power to seize from the provisional government. What Lenin does is he does a coup on the left. That is to say, Soviets or councils, as we would call them in English, which represent people's power or the masses participating in politics, a kind of radical grassroots democracy are extremely popular all over the country and not dominated by any one group, but predominantly socialist or predominantly leftist. Russia has an election during the war, a free and fair election for the most part, despite the war at the end of 1917, in December 1917, and three quarters plus of the country votes socialist in some form or another. So the battle was over the definition of socialism and who had the right to participate in defining socialism, not only what it would be, but who had the right to decide. So there's a coup by Lenin's group known as the Bolsheviks against all the other socialists. And so Lenin declares a seizure of power whereby the old government has failed, people's pow
an Bitcoin. And there's certainly a decent chance they will succeed. Yeah, there's a lot of innovation. I mean, with smart contracts, with NFTs as well, there's a lot of interesting innovations that are plugging into the human psyche somehow, just like money does. You know, money seems to be this viral thing, our ideas of money, right? And if the idea is strong enough, it seems to be able to take hold. Like there's network effects that just take over. And like, I particularly see that with, I'd love to get your comment on Dogecoin, which is basically by a single human being, Elon Musk has been created. You know, it's like these celebrities can have a huge ripple effect on the impact of money. Is it possible that in the 21st century, people like Elon Musk and celebrities, I don't know, Donald Trump, The Rock, whoever else, can actually define, you know, the currencies that we use? Maybe can Dogecoin become the primary currency of the world? I think of it as like baseball cards. So right now, every baseball player has a baseball card. And the players who 
It's how he knows I sent you. On that page, there's links to subscribe to this show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and everywhere else. This show is presented by Cash App, the number one finance app in the App Store. When you get it, use code LexPodcast. Cash App lets you send money to friends, buy Bitcoin, and invest in the stock market with as little as $1. Since Cash App allows you to buy Bitcoin, let me mention that the cryptocurrency in the context of the history of money is fascinating. I recommend Ascent of Money as a great book on this history. Debits and credits on ledgers started around 30,000 years ago. The US dollar created over 200 years ago, and the first decentralized cryptocurrency released just over 10 years ago. So given that history, cryptocurrency's still very much in its early days of development, but it's still aiming to, and just might redefine the nature of money. So again, if you get Cash App from the App Store or Google Play, and use the code LexPodcast, you get $10, and Cash App will also donate $10 to FIRST, an organization that is h
daho, only to find out that there was nothing really put in place. Nothing really put in place, it was absolute disrepair and chaos. They didn't have a rain, they didn't have this. It was such a bullshit adventure. But we were like, well, there's hardly anywhere to fight. It's tough to find these opportunities. So, okay, well, how about this? Whoever is here to fight and is willing, all right, well, since there's no venue, there's no this, whatever, we all got gloves, we got mouthpieces, we'll just go to the park, as long as we still get paid. And so folks were kind of like, I don't know about that. The guy I was gonna fight was, he finally gets information on who I actually am, and I was undefeated at the time. I think I had fought Super Brawl 13 and already won that tournament. And so he's like, yeah, I had no clue. I'm so glad we didn't fight, you would have murdered me. What a setup. And eventually Matt had to strong arm the guy and get our money that we were supposed to all get and drive back. And because his whole position was, well, there ain't no fucking
well phenotyped across hundreds of phenotypes, sometimes with our complete electronic health record. So you can now start relating not just one gene segregating one family, not just thousands of variants segregating with one phenotype, but now you can do millions of variants versus hundreds of phenotypes. And as a computer scientist, I mean, deconvolving that matrix, partitioning it into the layers of biology that are associated with every one of these elements is a dream come true. It's like the world's greatest puzzle. And you can now solve that puzzle by throwing in more and more knowledge about the function of different genomic regions and how these functions are changed across tissues and in the context of disease. And that's what my group and many other groups are doing. We're trying to systematically relate this genetic variation with molecular variation at the expression level of the genes, at the epigenomic level of the gene regulatory circuitry, and at the cellular level of what are the functions that are happening i
 up and saying, I would love to be a sleep researcher. And so when I was doing my PhD, I was trying to identify different forms of dementia very early on in the course, and I was using electrical brainwave recordings to do that, and I was failing miserably. It was a disaster, just no result after no result. And I used to go home to the doctor's residence with this sort of little igloo of journals that at the weekend I would sort of sit in and read, and which I'm now thinking, do I really want to admit this? Because it sounds like I had no social life, which I didn't, I was a social leper. But, and I started to realize that some parts of the brain were sleep related areas, and some dementias were eating away those sleep related areas. Other dementias would leave them untouched. And I thought, well, I'm doing this all wrong. I'm measuring my patients while they're awake. Instead, I should be measuring them while they're asleep. Started doing that, got some amazing results. And then I wanted to ask the question, is that sleep disruption that my 
's certain things that I've seen very successful people that I know in my life when they get, when they have kids, they actually, the productivity goes up, they get their shit together. There's a lot of aspects that, yeah, the regularity. I mean, that creatures a habit. That's the thing that's power. And then you start to optimally use the hours that you have in the day. Let me ask you about that. Well, actually, I just have one quick point on that too. You know, we often think about sleep as a cost, but instead I think of sleep as an investment. And the reason is because your effectiveness and your efficiency when you're well slept typically exceeds that when you're not. And to me, it's the idea of if I'm going to boil a pot of water, why would I boil it on medium when I could boil it in half the time on high? And I sometimes worry that when I speak to Fortune 500 companies and they're of this mentality of longer hours, getting people to rise and grind, the first point is that after about 20 hours of being awake, a human being is as cognitively as 
won't die. So no, no. So my my colleagues and good friends, Jeff Greenberg and Tom Posinski, you know, we met in graduate school in the 1970s. We've been doing this work for 40 years. And we cheerfully admit, even though it doesn't reflect well on us as humans, that I should just speak for myself. But I feel like there's a real sense in which doing these studies and writing books and lecturing has been my way of avoiding directly confronting my anxiety. Directly confronting my anxieties by turning it into an intellectual exercise. And every once in a while, therefore, when I think that I'm making some progress as a human, I have to remind myself that that is probably not the case. And I have at times, like all humans, been more preoccupied with the implications of these ideas for my self esteem as like, oh, we're going to write a book and maybe we'll get to go on TV or something. Well, no, that's not the same as to actually think about it in a way that you feel it rather than just think it. Yeah, like you did when you were eight. Exactly right. So wh
cted and reinvented and there are flaws that are fundamental and need to be adjusted and addressed and everything else, especially equality of opportunity. Equality of outcome is unreachable and is a mistake because it produces perverse and unintended consequences. Equality of outcome attempts, attempts to make people equal on the outcome side, but attempts to make them more equal on the front end, on the opportunity side. That's really, really important for a healthy society. That's where we've fallen down. Our schools are not providing equality of opportunity for the majority of people in all of our school systems. And so I see problems there. I see a need to invest in ourselves, invest in infrastructure, invest in human capital, create greater equality of opportunity, but also to make sure that we have good governance because governance is the variable that enables you to do all these other things. I've watched quite a bit, returning back to Putin, I've watched quite a few interviews with Putin and conversations, especially becaus
ut it this way in addition, without taking away the fact that he's become a better retail politician over time and that sentiment has shifted because of the disappointments with the transition with the population. When I ask my kids, am I a good dad? My kids don't have any other dad to measure me against. I'm the only dad they know, and I'm the only dad they can choose or not choose. If they don't choose me, they still get me as dad, right? So with Putin today, he's the only dad that the Russian people have. Now, if my kids were introduced to alternative fathers, they might be better than me. They might be more loving, more giving, funnier, richer, whatever it might be. They might be more appealing. There are some blood ties there for sure that I have with my kids, but they would at least be able to choose alternatives and then I would have to win their favor in that constellation of alternatives. If President Putin were up against real alternatives, if the population had real choice and that choice could express itself and have resources
don't think it's that interesting a problem. You've talked to Christoph Koch. He thinks that's the only problem. I didn't actually listen to your interview with him, but I know him and I know that's the thing he cares about. He also thinks intelligence and consciousness are disjoint. So I mean, it's not, you don't have to have one or the other. So he is. I disagree with that. I just totally disagree with that. So where's your thoughts and consciousness, where does it emerge from? Because it is. So then we have to break it down to the two parts, okay? Because consciousness isn't one thing. That's part of the problem with that term is it means different things to different people and there's different components of it. There is a concept of self awareness, okay? That can be very easily explained. You have a model of your own body. The neocortex models things in the world and it also models your own body. And then it has a memory. It can remember what you've done, okay? So it can remember what you did this morning, can remember what you had for breakfa
d 90 degrees, 180 degrees, 270 degrees, or zero degrees. So you can generate an infinite amounts of labeled data because you rotated the image so you know what's the ground truth label. And so various researchers have found that by taking unlabeled data and making up labeled data sets and training a large neural network on these tasks, you can then take the hidden layer representation and transfer it to a different task very powerfully. Learning word embeddings where we take a sentence, delete a word, predict the missing word, which is how we learn. One of the ways we learn word embeddings is another example. And I think there's now this portfolio of techniques for generating these made up tasks. Another one called jigsaw would be if you take an image, cut it up into a three by three grid, so like a nine, three by three puzzle piece, jump up the nine pieces and have a neural network predict which of the nine factorial possible permutations it came from. So many groups, including OpenAI, Peter B has been doing some work on this too, Faceboo
per than you could do with gold. But in reality, with fiat, the reason Bitcoin improves on that is that with Bitcoin, you're actually selling, you're sending final settlement in a couple of hours. So you send the Bitcoin transaction, you get six confirmations in an hour, you get about 12 confirmations in two hours on average. With 12 confirmations, you're pretty definitely clearly safe on this. So within a couple of hours, you could send a billion dollars across the ocean and have final settlement on them. It's not just that you've sent a credit obligation that's gonna need weeks and months to settle, which is the case with fiat. So it is faster than fiat, effectively. So it's harder than gold and faster than fiat. That's a good way of putting it. One other aspect of Bitcoin I have to ask, to me on a human level, it's fascinating, is it was founded by Satoshi Nakamoto, an anonymous founder, there's no leader. So that's another aspect of the decentralization is leaderless. Yeah. So unfortunately, it's not a monarchy. Fortunately. Or fortunately, yes. Who is
 I came back to the US and I was shocked by the opulence of the United States of America. Yeah, of the United States. And I just thought this is, I couldn't believe it. And I decided I wanted to try to spend my life helping others. Like that was the, that was a life objective that I thought was worthwhile to pursue versus making money and whatever the case may be for its own right. And so I decided in that moment that I was going to try to make enough money by the age of 30 to never have to work again. And then with some abundance of money, I could then choose to do things that might be beneficial to others, but may not meet the criteria of being a standalone business. And so in that process, I started a few companies, had some small successes, had some failures. In one of the endeavors, I was up to my eyeballs in debt. Things were not going well. And I needed a part time job to pay my bills. And so I, one day I saw in the paper in Utah where I was living the 50 richest people in Utah. And I emailed each one of their assistants and sai
ke stretch this way and squash that way, squash this way and stretch this way. We do have an instrument that can detect that kind of thing. It's called an interferometer. And what it does is it just basically takes, usually light, and the two directions that we're talking about, you send light down one direction and the perpendicular direction. And if nothing changes, it takes the same, and the arms are the same length, it just goes down, bounces back. And if you invert one compared to the other, they cancel so that nothing happens. But if it's like the amusement park and one of the arms got shorter and fatter, so it took longer to go horizontally than it did to go vertically, then when the light comes back, that comes back somewhat out of time. And that basically is the scheme. The only problem is that that's not done very accurately in general, and we had to do it extremely accurately. So what's the difficulty of doing so accurately? Okay. So the measurement that we have to do is a distortion in time. How big is it? It's a distortion that
n be part of the gene itself. So instead of having a separate barcode, that enhancer basically acts to turn on the gene and it's transcribed as part of the gene. So you don't have to have the two separate parts. Exactly. So you can just read them directly. So there's a constant improvements in this whole process. By the way, generating all these options, is it basically brute force? How much human intuition is? Oh gosh, of course it's human intuition and human creativity and incorporating all of the input data sets. Because again, the genome is enormous. 3.2 billion, you don't want to test that. You basically use all of these tools that I've talked about already. You generate your top favorite 10,000 hypothesis, and then you go and test all 10,000. And then from what comes out, you can then go to the next step. So that's technology number two. So technology number one is robotics, automation, where you have thousands of wells and you constantly test them. The second technology is instead of having wells, you have these massively parallel readouts in sort of
elping advance robotics and STEM education for young people around the world. And now, here's my conversation with Steven Pressfield. Modern society in many ways dreams of creating universal peace, and yet war has molded civilization as we know it throughout its history. So let's start at the high philosophical level. If you could imagine a world without war, how would that world be different? Perhaps put another way, what purpose has war served? Why do we fight? I think we're basically the same creatures internally that we were in the cave, right? In tribal society, back for however many, you know, hundreds of thousands, millions of years, which means that we're in the dynamic in our mind is a kind of an us versus them dynamic where our tribe is the people, and everybody else are whatever, you know? And I don't see that, I don't think that's changed one iota over the centuries. It's just a question of how one might sublimate that urge to compete. When you're a martial artist, you know, a great part of your day I'm sure is dedicated to reaching
externalities, and then we've managed to set up incentives such that people just pursuing their own strengths is the best way of doing good. But we're very far from that society. So if one did that, then it would be very unlikely that you would focus on improving the lives of nonhuman animals that aren't participating in markets or ensuring the long run future goes well, where future people certainly aren't participating in markets or benefiting the global poor who do participate, but have so much less kind of power from a starting perspective that their views aren't accurately kind of represented by market forces too. Got it. So yeah, instead of pure definition capitalism, it just may very well ignore the people that are suffering the most, the white swath of them. So if you could allow me this line of thinking here. So I've listened to a lot of your conversations online. I find, if I can compliment you, they're very interesting conversations. Your conversation on Rogan, on Joe Rogan was really interesting, with Sam Harris and so on, 
And to do so I'm again, I'm, this is, I'm so back to the Heidegger guy because, all right, I may, you know, I consider myself a professor, but what happens if most of the schools go out of business? Somebody else may consider themselves a restaurant tour, but what happens if there's no more restaurants? So what I, this is negative advice, but I tell folks, don't define yourself as a social caricature. Don't, don't limit how you feel about yourself by, through identification with a host of variables that may be uncertain. Maybe temporary. And temporary. What, let's say. No, but of course that gets back to your point earlier, Lex, where you're like, yeah, but when you step out of that, it's extraordinarily discombobulating. So what, I think you talked about an ax of chopping wood and soul from Socrates. Yeah. What is your soul? What is the, the essence of Schellen? Wow. That was like, awesome. Like when God, when you, when you show up at the end of this thing, he kind of looks at you, he's like, oh yeah, yeah, I remember you. Yeah. Well, you know, I, to be honest, what I 
40 years from now, but even if it's 30 months from now, I'm giving it the best shot. So thank you, sir. I appreciate it and wishing you blessings and success in your career. Keep up the good fight and you're always welcome back to Texas. Oh, I love it. It's great food and a little hot, a little hot, but I can deal with it. We don't do so good Irish in the sun, you know? Well, the barbecue and the people are worth it. No, they are, they're awesome. I was down here for some storm relief a few years ago and I tell you what, I fell in love with it. The people are great, it's a great state and yeah, I'll definitely be back again for sure. Thanks for talking to me, Neil. Thank you, sir. Appreciate it. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Niels Jorgensen. To support this podcast, please check out our sponsors in the description. And now let me leave you with some words from Franklin D. Roosevelt. Human kindness has never weakened the stamina or softened the fiber of a free people. A nation does not have to be cruel, to be tough. Thank you for listening a
he people who'd make the decision to escalate the war are not the ones who are paying for it and they're not the ones who are fighting. They're the ones who sit in offices. And in the case of most of Middle Eastern conflict, it's people who live abroad. It's people who are abroad who are not part of it who just are emotionally charged to it because they watch it on TV. So you have billions of Muslims around the world and Jews around the world who feel extremely emotionally attached to it. They're not the ones fighting. They're not the ones paying their own money. They're just getting governments to send money and to send weapons and to take part. And it's fun as a spectator sport for most of these people because they don't get to live in it. But I got to live in it, I saw it. I grew up there. I saw the settlement expansion. And recently a few weeks ago, I went back to Ramallah and it's amazing every time you go, the settlements are just growing in an astonishing way. Like it's not just housing units that are going up. It's an entire attemp
o into the lab. And also the other thing I was feeling, there's a guy named Andrew Huberman, he's a friend of mine, amazing podcast, people should listen to it, Huberman Lab Podcast. We're working on a paper together about eye movement and so on. And we're kind of, he's a neuroscientist and I'm a data person, machine learning person, and we're both excited by how much the, how much the data measurements of the human mind, the brain and all the different metrics that come from that could be used to understand human beings and in a rigorous scientific way. So the other thing I was thinking about is how this could be turned into a tool for science. Sort of not just personal science, not just like Fitbit style, like how am I doing on my personal metrics of health, but doing larger scale studies of human behavior and so on. So like data, not at the scale of an individual, but data at a scale of many individuals or a large number of individuals. So personal being heard was exciting and also just for science is exciting. It's very easy, like there
a period of 30, 40, 50 years, you know. And you can see that there's a theme running through all of those things, that it's completely unique to that person. Nobody else could have written Philip Roth's books or Bruce Springsteen's songs. And you can even see sort of a destiny there. So I ask myself, well, where did that come from? What, it seems to be a continuation of something that was, that happened before, and that will lead to something else because it's not starting from scratch. It seems like there's a calling, a destiny in there already. This gets back to the muse and all that kind of thing. So yeah, it's almost like the, there's this, let's call it a God, it's passing, it's almost like sampling parts of a previous human that has lived and putting those into the new one. Sampling is probably a pretty good word. Taking some of the good, well, you can't take all the good parts because the bad parts is what makes the person. Let's say you're taking it all together. Okay, this is humans only, or does it pass around from animals in your view? I don't know, t
g than like, I don't know, conference presentations or lectures. And so it's a really exciting medium to me. And it's cool that there's this like group of people that are becoming friends and putting stuff out there and supporting each other. So it's fun to also watch how that's going to evolve in your case, because I wonder it'll be two a month. Or devolve is the answer to that. Well, I mean, some of it is persistence through the challenges that we've been talking about, which is like. I think I've got a lot to learn. Yeah. But I will persist. Can I ask you some detailed stuff? You mentioned that. Oh my goodness, go anywhere you wish with sleep. So I'm a big fan of coffee and caffeine. And I've been, especially in the last few days, consuming a very large amount. And I'm cognizant of the fact that my body is affected by caffeine different than the anecdotal information that other people tell me. I seem to be not at all affected by it. It's almost, it feels like more like a ritual than it is a chemical boost to my performance. Like I can drink seve
rons sort of model a piece of that, and not very well at that either. But like for example, synapses are very unreliable, and you cannot assign any precision to them. So even one digit of precision is not possible. So the way real neurons work is they don't add these, they don't change these weights accurately like artificial neural networks do. They basically form new synapses, and so what you're trying to always do is detect the presence of some 10 to 20 active synapses at the same time, as opposed, and they're almost binary. It's like, because you can't really represent anything much finer than that. So these are the kind of, and I think that's actually another essential component, because the brain works on sparse patterns, and all that mechanism is based on sparse patterns, and I don't actually think you could build real brains or machine intelligence without incorporating some of those ideas. It's hard to even think about the complexity that emerges from the fact that the timing of the firing matters in the brain, the fact that you for
ame, Berkeley Robot for the Elimination of Tedious Tasks. It's very hard to not think of the robot as a person and it seems like everybody calls him a he for whatever reason, but that also makes it more a person than if it was a it, and it seems pretty natural to think of it that way. This past weekend really struck me. I've seen Pepper many times on videos, but then I was at an event organized by, this was by Fidelity, and they had scripted Pepper to help moderate some sessions, and they had scripted Pepper to have the personality of a child a little bit, and it was very hard to not think of it as its own person in some sense because it would just jump in the conversation, making it very interactive. Moderate would be saying, Pepper would just jump in, hold on, how about me? Can I participate in this too? And you're just like, okay, this is like a person, and that was 100% scripted, and even then it was hard not to have that sense of somehow there is something there. So as we have robots interact in this physical world, is that a signal t
wn sake. Yeah, I would accept that. But most curiosity, well, in humans, and especially in children, is not just for its own sake, but for actually learning about the environment and for behaving better. So I think most curiosity is tied in the end towards performing better. Well, okay, so if intelligence systems need to have this reward function, let me, you're an intelligence system, currently passing the torrent test quite effectively. What's the reward function of our human intelligence existence? What's the reward function that Marcus Hutter is operating under? Okay, to the first question, the biological reward function is to survive and to spread, and very few humans sort of are able to overcome this biological reward function. But we live in a very nice world where we have lots of spare time and can still survive and spread, so we can develop arbitrary other interests, which is quite interesting. On top of that. On top of that, yeah. But the survival and spreading sort of is, I would say, the goal or the reward function of humans, so t
 death in life? Well, from our perspective, the uniquely human awareness of death and our unwillingness to accept that fact, we would argue, is the primary motivational impetus for almost everything that people do, whether they're aware of it or not. So that's kind of been your life work. Your view of the human condition is that death, you've written the book Warm at the Core, that death is at the core of our consciousness of everything, of how we see the world, of what drives us. Maybe can you, can you elaborate how you see death fitting in? What does it mean to be at the core of our being? So I think that's a great question. And, you know, to be pedantic, I usually start, you know, my psychology classes and I say to the students, okay, you know, let's define our terms. And the ology part, they get right away. You know, it's the study of, and then we get to the psyche part. And understandably, you know, the students are like, oh, that means mind. And I'm like, well, no, that's a modern interpretation. But in ancient Greek, it means soul, but not in the Cart
ou can't, right? Because aggregate expenditure cannot be both higher and lower than output. So therefore, if you were truly being an empirical person, if you were looking at evidence and trying to analyze data, you'd look at this and say, one example, you just need one example of high inflation and high unemployment to refute this entire model, right? And of course, the world is full of examples of high inflation and high unemployment. And that's what happened in the 19, and of course, they ignored it when it happens in poor countries because poor countries don't really matter. But then in the 1970s, that happened in the US and in the Western economies and the most advanced industrial economies. So historically, before then, you had all these Keynesian central bankers talking about this model and saying, well, aggregate expenditure is too low now and that's why we have unemployment. So we need to print more money. And then they print more money, inflation goes up, but also unemployment goes up because this model is broken. That's not how the worl
r because it's not as powerful as this big server over here. No, no, because we know that what the principles of computing are and I can apply those principles to a small problem or into a big problem. And same, intelligence needs to get there. We have to say, these are the principles. I can make a small one, a big one. I can make them distributed. I can put them on different sensors. They don't have to be human like at all. Now, you did bring up a very interesting question about embodiment. Does it have to have a body? It has to have some concept of movement. It has to be able to move through these reference frames I talked about earlier. Whether it's physically moving, like I need, if I'm gonna have an AI that understands coffee cups, it's gonna have to pick up the coffee cup and touch it and look at it with its eyes and hands or something equivalent to that. If I have a mathematical AI, maybe it needs to move through mathematical spaces. I could have a virtual AI that lives in the internet and its movements are traversing links and di
m is. First of all, well, C is charge conjugation, which is the transformation, the notional transformation, if you like, that changes all particles into their antiparticles. And the concept of C symmetry, charge conjugation symmetry, is that if you do that, you find the same laws that would work. So the laws are symmetric if the behavior that particles exhibit is the same as the behavior you get with all their antiparticles. And then P is parity, which is also called spatial inversion. It's basically looking at a mirror universe and saying that the laws that are obeyed in a mirror universe, when you look, that the mirror images obey the same laws as the sources of their images. There's no way of telling left from right, for instance, that the laws don't distinguish between left and right. Now, in the mid 20th century, people discovered that both of those are not quite true. Really, the equation that the mirror universe, the universe that you see in a mirror is not gonna obey the same laws as the universe that we actually interpret. You wou
he light to go in this thing comes from lasers. We need a certain kind of laser. So the kind of laser that we use, there were three different institutions in the world that had the experts that do this, maybe in competition with each other. So we got all three to join together and work with us to work on this as an example. So that you had, and they had the thing that they were working together on a kind of object that they wouldn't have otherwise. And we're part of a bigger team where they could discover something that isn't even engineers. These are engineers that do laser. So, and they're part of our laser physicists. So could you describe the moment or the period of time when finally this incredible creation of human beings led to a detection of gravitational waves? It's a long story. Unfortunately, this is a part that we started failures along the way kind of thing or all failures. That's all that's built into it. If you're not, if you're not mechanical engineering, you build on your failures, that's expected. So we're trying things th
e there's mathematical components which show that, you know what, it seems that this, it fits together too well for it not to be true, which is where string theory is. Is that where you're kind of seeing? It's a mixture of all those things, although definitely where we are right now is definitely much more on the empirical side than, let's say, string theory. The way this goes about, we're theorists, right? So we look at all this data, and we're trying to come up with some sort of model that explains it, basically, and there's, unlike string theory, there's vast more amounts of empirical data here that I think than most physicists deal with. And so our challenge is to sort through that and figure out what kind of constructs would explain this. And when we have an idea, you come up with a theory of some sort, you have lots of ways of testing it. First of all, there are 100 years of assimilated, assimilated, unassimilated empirical data from neuroscience. So we go back and read papers, and we say, oh, did someone find this already? We can predict X, Y, a
 when we start to treat space and time as similar frameworks. Yes, right. Physical phenomena. Right, that's what motivated it. First of all, what are crystals? Yeah. And what are time crystals? Okay, so crystals are orderly arrangements of atoms in space. And many materials, if you cool them down gently, will form crystals. And so we say that that's a state of matter that forms spontaneously. And an important feature of that state of matter is that the end result, the crystal, has less symmetry than the equations that give rise to the crystal. So the equations, the basic equations of physics are the same if you move a little bit. So you can move, they're homogeneous, but crystals aren't. The atoms are in particular place, so they have less symmetry. And time crystals are the same thing in time, basically. But of course, so it's not positions of atoms, but it's orderly behavior that certain states of matter will arrange themselves into spontaneously if you treat them gently and let them do what they want to do. But repeat in that same way indefin
 right maybe in 1690 that the world was large and had infinite resources. He's certainly wrong today, in my opinion. Also wrong is the claim that the unlimited pursuit of personal wealth does not harm those around us. There is no doubt that radical inequality is tragic psychologically and physically. Poverty is not that terrible. It's easy for me to say because I have a place to stay and something to eat. But as long as you're not starving and have a place to be, poverty is not as challenging as having the impoverished in close proximity to those who are obscenely wealthy. LW So it's not the absolute measure of your well being, it's the inequality of that well being is the penalty painful. So maybe just to linger on the Jordan Peterson thing, in terms of your disagreement in his world view. So he went through quite a bit, there's been quite a bit of fire in his defense or maybe his opposition of the idea of equality of outcomes. So looking at the inequality that's in our world, looking at, you know, certain groups, measurably having an ou
 down, you can remove the cost of drivers, all those kinds of things. But it's when you actually get down to it and have to build a business around it, it's actually very difficult to do. And I guess you're saying your sense is similar competition is facing cryptocurrency. Like you have to actually present a killer app reason to switch from fiat currency to Ethereum or to whatever. And the Biden people are gonna regulate crypto and they're gonna do it soon. So something like DeFi, I fully get why that is cheaper or for some can be cheaper than other ways of conducting financial intermediation. But some of that is regulatory arbitrage. It will not be allowed to go on forever for better or worse. I would rather see it given greater tolerance. But the point is banking lobby is strong. The government will only let it run so far. There'll be capital requirements, reporting requirements imposed, and it will lose a lot of those advantages. What do you make of Wall Street bets? Another thing that recently happened that shook the world and a
 the fire, and get the truck company, which is the ladder company. They're the guys who break the doors down, put ladders up, this and that, to get them to where the life is most expected and get them out of there. So I think the chiefs tactics at that point was, let me get multiple engine companies. Let me get four, five, six hose lines fighting this fire, this massive fire. And let me get 15, 20 truck companies up there just yoking people out of there. Yeah, but you got to go up the stair. Everything's not working. Yeah, guys had to walk up 80, 80, 90, 100 flights of stairs. And there's audio of officers and firefighters speaking to each other on the radio channels. And unfortunately, at that point in time, we had very, very bad communication system. We'd been fighting for years to get radios that work properly. We couldn't because it was a lot of money. We fought for years to get the full bunker firefighting suits, which is the pants and the coat. We used to have just coats and these roll up rubber boots and guys were burning to death and we had to fight. 
etty hard, right? What does self maintenance mean? What does it mean to build a copy? Should it be exact copy, an approximate copy? And so that's really hard, but Laurent also at DeepMind developed a beautiful model. So it just took the ICSE model and coupled the rewards to information gain. So he said the reward is proportional to how much the agent had learned about the world. And you can rigorously, formally, uniquely define that in terms of archival versions, okay? So if you put that in, you get a completely autonomous agent. And actually, interestingly, for this agent, we can prove much stronger result than for the general agent, which is also nice. And if you let this agent loose, it will be in a sense, the optimal scientist. It is absolutely curious to learn as much as possible about the world. And of course, it will also have a lot of instrumental goals, right? In order to learn, it needs to at least survive, right? A dead agent is not good for anything. So it needs to have self preservation. And if it builds small helpers, acquiring m
. That's so fascinating. Exactly. Genes that have very little variation are hugely important. You can actually rank the importance of genes based on how little variation they have. And those genes that have very little variation but no association with disease, that's a very good metric to say, oh, that's probably a developmental gene because we're not good at measuring those phenotypes. So it's genes that you can tell evolution has excluded mutations from, but yet we can't see them associated with anything that we can measure nowadays. It's probably early embryonic lethal. What are all the words you just said? Early embryonic what? Lethal. Meaning? Meaning that that embryo will die. Okay. There's a bunch of stuff that is required for a stable functional organism across the board for an entire species, I guess. If you look at sperm, it expresses thousands of proteins. Does sperm actually need thousands of proteins? No, but it's probably just testing them. So my speculation is that misfolding of these proteins is an early test for failure. So t
nctional person to respond to basic level things, but I don't feel like I am doing anything interesting. I think that's a good word, sensitivity, because that's the word that's used the most. That's what thinking deeply feels like is you're sensitive to the fragile thoughts. And you're right. All those other distractions kind of dull your ability to be sensitive to the fragile thoughts. It's a really good word. Out of all the things you've done, you've also climbed Mount Kilimanjaro. Is this true? It's true. Why and how, and what do you take from that experience? I guess the backstory is relevant because in that moment, it was the darkest time in my life. I was ending a 13 year marriage. I was leaving my religion. I sold Braintree and I was battling depression where I was just at the end. And I got invited to go to Tanzania as part of a group that was raising money to build clean water wells. And I had made some money from Braintree, and so I was able to donate $25,000. And it was the first time I had ever had money to donate outside of paying tithing
 information processing system? Let's go with a big question first. Okay, with a big question first. I think it's a very interesting hypothesis or idea. And I have a background in physics, so I know a little bit about physical theories, the standard model of particle physics and general relativity theory. And they are amazing and describe virtually everything in the universe. And they're all in a sense, computable theories. I mean, they're very hard to compute. And it's very elegant, simple theories, which describe virtually everything in the universe. So there's a strong indication that somehow the universe is computable, but it's a plausible hypothesis. So what do you think, just like you said, general relativity, quantum field theory, what do you think that the laws of physics are so nice and beautiful and simple and compressible? Do you think our universe was designed, is naturally this way? Are we just focusing on the parts that are especially compressible? Are human minds just enjoy something about that simplicity? And in fact, there's ot
g the other one inside you. So the pre eukaryotes engulfed an organism that was very good at energy production and that organism eventually shed most of its genome to now have only 13 genes in the mitochondrial genome and those 13 genes are all involved in energy production, the electron transport chain. So basically electrons are these massive super energy rich molecules. We basically have these organelles that produce energy and when your muscle exercises, you basically multiply your mitochondria. You basically sort of, you know, use more and more mitochondria and that's how you get beefed up. So basically the muscle sort of learns how to generate more energy. So basically every single time your muscles will, you know, overnight regenerate and sort of become stronger and amplify their mitochondria and so forth. So what does mitochondria do? The mitochondria use energy to sort of do any kind of task. When you're thinking, you're using energy. This energy comes from mitochondria. Your neurons have mitochondria all over the place. Basi
 plan was I'm going to build a company and get the best merchants in the whole world to use our service. Then in year five, I'm going to have, I'm going to acquire a consumer payments company and I'm going to bring the two together. And to focus on the merchant side and then get the payments company that does the customer, the whatever, the other side of it. This is the plan I presented when I was at University of Chicago. And weirdly it happened exactly like that. So four years in our customer base included Uber, Airbnb, GitHub, 37 Signals, not Basecamp. We had a fantastic collection of companies that represented the fastest growing, some of the fastest growing tech companies in the world. And then we met up with Venmo and they had done a remarkable job in building product. It does up then something very counterintuitive, which is make public your private financial transactions which people previously thought were something that should be hidden from others. And we acquired Venmo and at that point we now had, we replicated the model 
are stars, their cards can end up worth a fair amount of money. And that's stable, we've had it for many decades. Sort of the player defines the card, they sign a contract with Topps or whatever company. Now, could you imagine celebrities, baseball players, LeBron James, having their own currencies instead of cards? Absolutely, and you're somewhat seeing that right now, as you mentioned, artists with these unique works on the blockchain. But I'm not sure those are macroeconomically important. If it's just a new class of collectibles that people have fun with, again, I say, bring it on. But whether there are use cases beyond that, that challenge fiat monies, which actually work very well. Yesterday, I sent money to a family in Ethiopia that I helped support. In less than 24 hours, they got that money. Digitally, yes. No, not digitally, through my bank. My primitive dinosaur bank, BB&T, Mid Atlantic Bank, headquartered in North Carolina, charted by the Fed, regulated by the FDAC and the OCC. Now, you could say, well, the exchange rate was not so great. I don't 
top of the world for the rest of the century in terms of its economic growth, impact on the world, scientific innovation, all those kinds of things? That's too long to predict, but I'm bullish on America in general. Got it. Speaking of being bullish on America, the opposite of that is, we talked about capitalism, we talked about Iran and her Russian roots. What do you think about communism? Why doesn't it work? Is it the implementation? Is there anything about its ideas that you find compelling? Or is it just a fundamentally flawed system? Well, communism is like capitalism. The words mean many things to different people. You could argue my life as a tenured professor comes closer to communism than anything the human race has seen. And I would argue it works pretty well. But look, if you mean the Soviet Union, it devolved pretty quickly to a kind of decentralized set of incentives that were destructive rather than value maximizing. It wasn't even central planning, much less communism. So Paul Craig Roberts and Polanyi were correct in thei
times you wanna fight for self defense. Yeah, you finance it, taxation, or bonds. See, the people really need to want a war not just with their voices, their thoughts, their tweets, or their actual financial investment. Put up the bullets and the cost of the bullets and the bodies. So their life and their financial well being. That's how it was under the gold standard mostly because under the gold standard, the government couldn't print gold. And so they had a budget and they had a certain amount of gold and that wasn't just, you know, that they couldn't infinitely increase it. So they couldn't tax their population at will. And it's very difficult to take money from people. You know, you go knock on doors and search everybody's home, see where they're hiding their gold. It's very complicated. On the other hand, when you gave them paper money, which is what the case was in 1914, you could take their wealth just by printing the money. And that's what changed everything when it comes to war. That's why the 20th century was the century of total war. Because 
er task. So, and it's, so it's this very complex thing. It's not like, oh, they're all built on neurons. No, they're all built in this very complex circuit and somehow that circuit underlies everything. And so this is the, it's called the common cortical algorithm, if you will. Some scientists just find it hard to believe and they just, I can't believe that's true, but the evidence is overwhelming in this case. And so a large part of what it means to figure out how the brain creates intelligence and what is intelligence in the brain is to understand what that circuit does. If you can figure out what that circuit does, as amazing as it is, then you can, then you understand what all these other cognitive functions are. So if you were to sort of put neocortex outside of your book on intelligence, you look, if you wrote a giant tome, a textbook on the neocortex, and you look maybe a couple of centuries from now, how much of what we know now would still be accurate two centuries from now? So how close are we in terms of understanding? I have to spe
s that, you know, just a great guy. But anyway, yeah. You still listen to, therefore, see, you probably went to rush right to the towers, but you went. Yeah, so anyway, I got, I did, I listened to him. I listened to my wife. I went to the firehouse, and it was really strange. It was eerie because the computer dispatch system was still beeping, which meant it sent a dispatch, and the truck received it. Ladder 114, my truck company received it, and they left, they were gone. So it was this beautiful old building built in the 1880s with a spiral staircase, just a narrow old brick garage, and it was empty. And I just heard the computer chirping. And I looked down on a ticket, and it said, Ladder 114, respond, the Vessian West World Trade Center aircraft into building. And I said, oh, God, I just hope they're not on a death ride because this now was two towers, and they were burning. They were free burning, and I knew this was really, really bad. And I got on the phone, and I called command right away. I called the 40th Battalion, and Chief's aide just said, look, get 12 guys
culture, world class science. It's a great power. It's not a great power with a strong base right now, but nonetheless it is a great power as it acts in the world. So I wouldn't underestimate Russia's abilities here and I wouldn't write off Russia. I don't see it under the current regime, a renewal of the country. But if we can have from within the regime an evolution rather than a revolution in a positive direction, and maybe get a George Washington figure who is strong enough to push through institutionalization rather than personalism. So if I could ask about one particular individual, it'd be just interesting to get your comment, but also as a representative of potential leaders, I just on this podcast talked to Gary Kasparov, who I'm not sure if you're familiar with his, his ongoings. So besides being a world class chess player, he's also a very outspoken activist, sort of seeing Putin, truly seeing Putin as an enemy of the free world of democracy, of balanced government in Russia. What do you think of people like him specifically, or 
his segment of the podcast, when I'm getting married, when the sun's up, and then instead you're getting water or Bitcoin. Yes, water and Bitcoin is all you need. So marginal analysis, focusing on the margin is the thing that allows you to most accurately capture human nature, the actual day to day decisions that we humans make. Yeah, that's really revolutionized economics, so 1870. And that was Menger's work. And then he had a student, Eugen Bomberg, who developed capital theory. And then he had a student, Ludwig von Mises, who is arguably the most important economist ever. And he developed theory of money. And he wrote a book in 1912 called The Theory of Money and Credit. And then in the 40s, he wrote Human Action, which is a big treatise on economics. And I think this is the correct tradition of economics. And before World War I, this was just known as economics. And then after what happened in World War I, and I discussed this in detail in the Fiat Standard, is that the Bank of England essentially went off gold and tried to pass off their own credi
ly there's a guy here in Austin named Damond Stith who does African, historical African martial arts. Um, also martial arts of, uh, of enslaved Africans who would learn machete fighting techniques in the Caribbean, South America. He's probably within a mile of us. He's an amazing guy. That's awesome. I'm going to look him up. Yeah. Can I ask you for advice? Can you give advice for young people, high school, college, you know, undergrads thinking about their career, thinking about life, how to live a life that you'd be proud of? You think quite a bit about like what it's required to be innovative in this world. You think quite a bit about the future. So if somebody wanted to be a person that makes a big impact from the future, what advice would you give them? I think a big part of it is finding the thing that you will do happily and, um, I don't want to say obsessively because that sounds like maybe it's pathological, but, but if you can find a thing that you'll, you know, you'll sit down, you'll start doing it and hours later you kind of snap out of i
ensory cortex. There's columns associated with all the different areas of my skin. And what we believe is happening is that all of them are building models of this cup, every one of them, or things. They're not all building, not every column or every part of the cortex builds models of everything, but they're all building models of something. And so you have, so when I touch this cup with my hand, there are multiple models of the cup being invoked. If I look at it with my eyes, there are, again, many models of the cup being invoked, because each part of the visual system, the brain doesn't process an image. That's a misleading idea. It's just like your fingers touching the cup, so different parts of my retina are looking at different parts of the cup. And thousands and thousands of models of the cup are being invoked at once. And they're all voting with each other, trying to figure out what's going on. So that's why we call it the thousand brains theory of intelligence, because there isn't one model of a cup. There are thousands of models of t
rms of cancer, the number of divisions, in terms of Alzheimer's and brain related disorders, in terms of metabolic disorders, in terms of regeneration, there's just so many different frontiers ahead of us. So I am thrilled about where we're heading. So basically I see this confluence in my lab and many other labs of AI, of, you know, sort of, you know, the next frontier of AI for drug design. So basically these sort of graph neural networks on specific chemical designs that allow you to create new generations of therapeutics. These molecular biology tricks for intervening at the system at every level, these personalized medicine prediction, diagnosis, and prognosis using the electronic health records and using these polygenic risk scores weighted by the burden, the number of mutations that are accumulating across common rare and somatic variants, the burden converging across all of these different molecular pathways, the delivery of specific drugs and specific interventions into specific cell types. And again, you've talked with Bob L
ry to or look for, but to have any communication, it's pretty hard when it has to be close enough that the speed of light would mean we could communicate with each other. And I think, and we didn't even understand that. I mean, we're an advanced civilization, but we didn't even understand that a little more than a hundred years ago. So, are we just not advanced enough? Maybe to know something about that's the speed of light. Maybe there's some other way to communicate that isn't based on electromagnetism. I don't know. Gravity seems to be also have the same speed. That was a principle that Einstein had and something we've measured actually. So is it possible? I mean, so we'll talk about gravitational waves and in some sense, there's a brainstorming going on, which is like, how do we detect the signal? Like what would a signal look like and how would we detect it? And that's true for gravitational waves. That's true for basically any physics phenomena. You have to predict that that signal should exist. You have to have some kind of theory and mode
see crypto as close to beating that once you take into account all of the last mile problems. Fiat currency works really well. People are not sitting around bitching about it. And when you talk to crypto people, they're crypto people, the number who have to postulate some out of the blue hyperinflation, where there's no evidence for that whatsoever, that to me is a sign they're not thinking clearly about how hard they have to work to outcompete fiat currency. There's a bunch of different technologies that are really exciting that don't want to address how difficult it is to outcompete the current accepted alternative. So for example, autonomous vehicles. A lot of people are really excited. But it's not trivial to outcompete Uber on the cost and the effectiveness and the user experience and all those kinds of, sorry, Uber driven by humans. And it's not, you know, that's taken for granted, I think, that look, wouldn't it be amazing, how amazing would the world look when the cars are driving themselves fully, you know, it's gonna drive the cost
 catastrophe where everyone dies, that probably has to be something more like an asteroid or supernova. And those are purely exogenous for the time being, at least. So I immigrated to this country. I was born in the Soviet Union in Russia and... Which one? Which one? I guess it's an important question. You were born in the Soviet Union, right? Yes, I was born in the Soviet Union. The rest is details, but I grew up in Moscow, Russia. But I came to this country, and this country even back there, but it's always symbolized to me a place of opportunity where everybody could build the most incredible things, especially in the engineering side of things. Just invent and build and scale and have a huge impact on the world. And that's been, to me, the... That's my version of the American ideal, the American dream. Do you think the American dream is still there? Do you think... What do you think of that notion in itself, like from an economics perspective, from a human perspective, is it still alive? And how do you think about it? The American dream. The Americ
ations and some of its top recommendations. So Against Malaria Foundation is this organization that buys and distributes these insecticide seeded bed nets. And then it has a total of seven charities that it recommends very highly. So that recommendation, is it almost like a star of approval or is there some metrics? So what are the ways that GiveWell conveys that this is a great charity organization? Yeah. So GiveWell is looking at metrics and it's trying to compare charities ultimately in the number of lives that you can save or an equivalent benefit. So one of the charities it recommends is GiveDirectly, which simply just transfers cash to the poorest families where poor family will get a cash transfer of $1,000 and they kind of regard that as the baseline intervention because it's so simple and people, you know, they know what to do with how to benefit themselves. That's quite powerful, by the way. So before GiveWell, before the Effective Altruism Movement, was there, I imagine there's a huge amount of corruption, funny enough, in cha
ning? From a detector perspective, if we're observing this evolution, what do you think is the brain? What do you think is the, let's say, what is intelligence? So in terms of the thing that makes humans special, we seem to be able to reason, we seem to be able to communicate. But the core of that is this something in the broad category we might call intelligence. So if you put your computer scientist hat on, is there a favorite ways you like to think about that question of what is intelligence? Well, my goal is to create agents that are intelligent. Not to define what. And that is a way of defining it. And that means that it's some kind of an object or a program that has limited sensory and effective capabilities interacting with the world. And then also a mechanism for making decisions. So with limited abilities like that, can it survive? Survival is the simplest goal, but you could also give it other goals. Can it multiply? Can it solve problems that you give it? And that is quite a bit less than human intelligence. There are, animals 
 plaques and let's look at my cholesterol. And there's like five to 10 studies you would do. They would then give you this report and say, here's the quantified health of your heart. Now with this data, I'm going to prescribe the following regime of exercise and maybe I'll put you on a statin, like, et cetera. But the protocol is based upon this data. You would think the cardiologist is out of their mind if they just gave you a bottle of statins based upon, you're like, well, I think something's kind of wrong. And they're just kind of experiment and see what happens. But that's what we do with our mental health today. So it's kind of absurd. And so if you look at psychedelics to have, again, to be able to measure the brain and get a baseline state, and then to measure during a psychedelic experience and post the psychedelic experience and then do it longitudinally, you now have a quantification of what's going on. And so you could then pose questions, what molecule is appropriate at what dosages, at what frequency, in what contextual environment
ly that when it comes to focusing on animal welfare, we should focus in factory farming, but we also yeah should be aware to the reality of what life for most animals is like. So let's talk about a topic I've talked a lot about and you've actually quite eloquently talked about which is the third priority that effective altruism considers is really important is existential risks. Yeah, when you think about the existential risks that are facing our civilization, what's before us? What concerns you? What should we be thinking about from in the especially from an effective altruism perspective? Great. So the reason I started getting concerned about this was thinking about future generations where the key idea is just well future people matter morally. There are vast numbers of future people. If we don't cause our own extinction, there's no reason why civilization might not last a million years. I mean we last as long as a typical mammalian species or a billion years is when the Earth is no longer habitable or if we can take to the s
So if you look at all the trajectories running away from our current moment in the next hundred years, you see AI creating destructive consequences as a small subset of those possible trajectories. Or at least, yeah, kind of eternal, destructive consequences. I think that being a small subset. At the same time, it still freaks me out. I mean, when we're talking about the entire future of civilization, then small probabilities, you know, 1% probability, that's terrifying. What do you think about Elon Musk's strong worry that we should be really concerned about existential risks of AI? Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, broadly speaking, I think he's right. I think if we talked, we would probably have very different probabilities on how likely it is that we're doomed. But again, when it comes to talking about the entire future of civilization, it doesn't really matter if it's 1% or if it's 50%, we ought to be taking every possible safeguard we can to ensure that things go well rather than poorly. Last question, if you yourself could eradicate one problem f
fore. Yeah, I feel heard. Yeah, I mean, I guess what's interesting about this is your intuitions are spot on. Most people have intuitions about brain interfaces that they've grown up with this idea of people moving cursors on the screen or typing or changing the channel or skipping a song. It's primarily been anchored on control. And I think the more relevant understanding of brain interfaces or neuroimaging is that it's a measurement system. And once you have numbers for a given thing, a seemingly endless number of possibilities emerge around that of what to do with those numbers. So before you tell me about the possibilities, this was an incredible experience. I can keep this on for another two hours, but I'm being told that for a bunch of reasons, just because we probably wanna keep the data small and visualize it nicely for the final product, we wanna cut this off and take this amazing helmet away from me. So Brian, thank you so much for this experience and let's continue without helmetless. All right. So that was an incredible ex
 many other people I do talk to who are colleagues and so on that are also emailing me. And they're also offering me things, but they don't sound as ridiculously spammy. Yeah, but I mean, the moment that somebody tells you, hey, I'm gonna give you $15 million for nothing, just if you send me $5,000, you know, you're getting something for nothing. And essentially, with all of the digital currencies, it's the same pitch. Say, hey, you know, come use this thing that'll allow you to do things that... All of the things that they pretend that they can do that can be done with computers without having digital currencies. You know, we already have AWS that does cloud computing, that does everything that shitcoins pretend to do. The only difference is AWS doesn't have its own monetary system tacked on top of it to allow Jeff Bezos to basically print his own money. But don't you think there's some gray area? So let me go for the historical record and let's see if you've changed as a philosopher, economist, human being. You tweeted three years ago. Oh, well. Anyone who b
ll be a kingdom and Hitler wouldn't rise. And yeah, there'd be small changes in the borders of various European countries. I struggled to see how it could have been worse. I mean, I struggled to see who benefited from four years of carnage in Europe. And then this came at the height of civilization. Before that, the people of Europe had the golden era under the gold standard. They were trading with one another, they traveled and technology was advancing. And they did not expect this war to last this long. And my favorite story from World War I is the Christmas truce football game, which I mentioned in my book. British and German soldiers at the height of the conflict, they stopped on Christmas day and they played a football game against each other. I mean, this is not a real war, where it's a war for survival. Britain didn't want to end Germany. Germany didn't want to end Britain. It was just kings who were emboldened by the fact that they had a printing press playing with the lives of the people. Take that away, take away the printing 
anged and evolved by interaction with other human beings. It's interesting to think about. So if you think the number is billions, you think there's also social interaction. So these aren't like there's interaction in the same way you have interaction with particles. There's interaction between human thoughts that perhaps that interaction in itself is fundamental to the process of thinking. Like without social interaction, we would be like stuck, like walking in a circle. We need the perturbation of other humans to create change and evolution. Once you bring in concepts of interactions and correlations and relations, then you have what's called a combinatorial explosion that the number of possibilities expands exponentially technically with the number of things you're considering. And it can easily rapidly outstrip these billions of thoughts that we're talking about. So we definitely cannot by brute force master complex situations or think of all the possibilities in a complex situations. I mean, even something as relatively simple
of course a lot of anecdotal evidence and some of it could be just narratives that people have told to the public when in reality they sleep way more. But there's a bunch of people that are famous for not sleeping much. So on the topic of naps, I read this a long time ago and I checked this, Churchill was big on big naps. And is actually just reading more about Winston Churchill's sleep schedule is very much like mine. So I basically wanna give myself the opportunity to at night to stay up all night if I want to. And a good nap is a big part of that in the late evening. Like I'll often, this destroys social life completely but I'll often take a nap in the late afternoon or the evening and that sets me if I want to stay up all night. And things like that, that I read that Nikola Tesla slept only two hours a night, Edison the same three hours but he actually did the polyphasic sleep like where it's just a bunch of naps. What can you say about this madness of love and passion of loving everything you do and the chaos of sleep tha
anding is if you think of it like the internet in the nineties, the internet became useful when people could do a dial up connection. And then as bandwidth increased, so did the utility of that connection and so did the ecosystem improve. And so if you say what kernel flow is going to give you a full screen on the picture of information, but as you're gonna be watching a movie, but the image is going to be blurred and the audio is gonna be muffled. So it has a lower resolution of coverage. A kernel flux, our MEG technology is gonna give you the full movie and 1080p. And Neuralink is gonna give you a circle on the screen of 4K. And so each one has their pros and cons and it's give and take. And so the decision I made with kernel was that these two technologies, flux and flow were basically the answer for the next seven years. And that they would give rise to the ecosystem which would become much more valuable than the hardware itself. And that we would just continue to improve on the hardware over time. And you know, it's early days, s
oice was made based upon Stalin's organizational skills and promise against the others who were in the regime. Now, they can seem more brilliant than Stalin, but he was more effective, and I'm not sure they were very brilliant. Well, he was exceptionally competent actually at the tasks for running a government, the executive branch, right, of a dictator. Yes. He turned out to be very adept at being a dictator. And so if he had been chosen by Lenin and had not been very good, he would have been pushed aside by others. Yeah. You can get a position by accident. You can be named because you're someone's friend or someone's relative, but to hold that position, to hold that position in difficult circumstances, and then to build effectively a superpower on all that bloodshed, right, you have to be skilled in some way. It can't be just the accident that brings you to power because if accident brings you to power, it won't last. Just like we discovered with Putin, he had some qualities that we didn't foresee at the beginning, and he's been able to hold
xplore quite a bit. Do you yourself think that there is a bottom to it where there is reality, there's a base layer of reality that physics can explore and our human perception sort of layer stuff? Is there, let's go to Plato, is there such a thing as truth? I lean towards the Platonic view of things. So I believe that mathematical objects have a reality that it's not all made up by human minds. And I don't know where that reality comes from. I can't explain it, but I do think that mathematical objects are discovered and not invented. I did a lot of, not a lot, but I did some reading of Husserl when I was writing Anathem and he's a 20th century phenomenologist and he's writing in the, he's writing at the same time as scientists are starting to understand atoms and becoming aware that when we look at this table, it's really just a slab of almost entirely vacuum and there's a very sparse arrangement of tiny, tiny little particles there occupying that space that interact with each other in such a way that our brains perceive this object. So
ursera that you cofounded have educated and inspired millions of people. So let me ask you, what people or ideas inspired you to get into computer science and machine learning when you were young? When did you first fall in love with the field, is another way to put it. Growing up in Hong Kong and Singapore, I started learning to code when I was five or six years old. At that time, I was learning the basic programming language, and they would take these books and they'll tell you, type this program into your computer, so type that program to my computer. And as a result of all that typing, I would get to play these very simple shoot them up games that I had implemented on my little computer. So I thought it was fascinating as a young kid that I could write this code. I was really just copying code from a book into my computer to then play these cool little video games. Another moment for me was when I was a teenager and my father, who's a doctor, was reading about expert systems and about neural networks. So he got me to read som
f in the 1990s. There was a decline in manufacturing and industrial production greater than in the Great Depression in the US. But a lot of that came back online in the 2000s. And that had to do with China's phenomenal growth. The trade between China and Russia was not always direct. So this was an indirect effect. But raising global prices for the commodities and the products, the kind of lower end, lower value products in manufacturing, not high end stuff, but lower end stuff like steel or iron or cement or fertilizer, where the value added is not spectacular, but nonetheless, which had been destroyed by the 1990s and after the Soviet collapse, this was brought back to life. Now, you can do that once. You can bring Soviet era industry back to life once. And that happened during Putin's first two terms, in addition to the liberalizing policies, which spurred entrepreneurialism in some small and medium business. The crash of the ruble in 1998, which made Russian products much cheaper abroad and made imports much more expensive, also facilitated the 
ery 10, 20 minutes. What about every few minutes, every few months and years? Well, if you think about a neuroscience problem, the brain problem, neurons themselves can stay active for certain periods of time, parts of the brain where they stay active for minutes. You could hold a certain perception or an activity for a certain period of time, but most of them don't last that long. And so if you think about your thoughts are the activity of neurons, if you're gonna wanna involve something that happened a long time ago, even just this morning, for example, the neurons haven't been active throughout that time. So you have to store that. So if I ask you, what did you have for breakfast today? That is memory, that is you've built into your model the world now, you remember that. And that memory is in the synapses, is basically in the formation of synapses. And so you're sliding into what, you know, it's the different timescales. There's timescales of which we are like understanding my language and moving about and seeing things rapidly and over time, 
es. And there's just a bunch of stories from all the seminal figures in this community. You have a story in there that released to you, at least on the Tic Tac Toe memory bomb. So can you, I guess, describe that situation if you think that's still? Yeah, that's a quite a bit smaller scale than our basic doesn't need to sleep surprise, but it was actually done by students in my class, in a neural nets evolution computation class. There was an assignment. It was perhaps a final project where people built game playing AI, it was an AI class. And this one, and it was for Tic Tac Toe or five in a row in a large board. And this one team evolved a neural network to make these moves. And they set it up, the evolution. They didn't really know what would come out, but it turned out that they did really well. Evolution actually won the tournament. And most of the time when it won, it won because the other teams crashed. And then when we look at it, like what was going on was that evolution discovered that if it makes a move that's really, really far a
 world, and yet, that wasn't in conflict with the idea of violence? No, not at all, and so being a very joyful and nice kid, but kids are kids, and if kids can find that you respond maybe more easily to agitation, they will agitate you, and if you should stand out in some way by being taller or bigger or something, or caring, especially, they will agitate you. They don't really fully understand it either, and so I don't hold anything against any of the kids that used to pick on me or whatever, especially at the youngest ages. Man, they don't know shit either, so, but once that line was pushed, for me it was, oh, well, I was being cool. Now you're being uncool. Well, then that gives me license for everything, and so, boom, we would just go at it, or kids that would try to initiate a fight, and I was like, okay, and being in that moment of just going to town with someone else, it just felt like this is, this is. I belong here. Yeah, it was never a problem for me. In fact, if anything, what I had to understand was, well, not only did I learn the hard way, that
oing for a long time. And they might get to where they're going and find a shitty solar system. We can try to do some advanced survey, but if you get there and all the planets in that solar system are just garbage planets, then it's kind of a big let down for this like thousand year voyage that you've just been on, right? So we have a pretty narrow range of parameters that we need to stay between in order to survive in terms of the gravitational field that we can deal with. So that sets a bound on the size of the planet and what we need in the way of temperature and atmosphere and so on. So when you look at all those complications, then basically building sort of exactly the environment we want out of available materials in this solar system starts to look a hell of a lot better. It's hard to make an economic argument, let's say, for making that journey. One of the things I like about the expanse is the fact that the people who are trying to build the starship to go to the other solar system are doing it for religious reasons. 
ng we're all brothers in arms even when it's on the opposite side of fighting, which is more of a vision and growing up in the Soviet Union you saw about World War II, that it's all just kids thrown into the kids sent to die in all sides. But then presenting that to Jaco who was in Iraq, he did not see as brothers in arms, which is his basic statement is there's evil people and some people don't deserve the compassion. You give them a few chances, they don't take the chances they have to go because they're spreading evil onto the world. And so it's not, we're not, all of us deserve a chance. Oh no, absolutely, but the difference though, and believe me, I, Jaco, I am from a way, way minor league compared to him, right? I mean, this man was right there in the firing line, but I can understand his analogy because when you think about it, right, those young conscripts back in Germany and Russia and all the countries where they were being drafted, even our guys were being drafted and thrown into this. They were gallantly and bravely defending their
of values, in terms of seeing what, to me, violence is just yet another canvas that humans can paint beautifully on. Clearly, I mean, we have venerated the violent. There are communists that venerate the violent on their behalf. There are national socialists that venerate the violent there. And then if you remove it from an ideological perspective, we venerate the violent when they're a hero. We venerate the violent in our religion. Well, I mean, I guess some people venerate the violence of Yahweh and Sodom and Gomorrah, right? So, or do we say Jehovah? I don't know. Is there, you've already mentioned one, but is there a fight where you've achieved the highest of heights for your own personal being just when you look within yourself that you're the proudest of, or maybe it was your most beautiful creation? Is there something that stands out? Yeah, there are a few, actually. Fighting Semishield and a rematch. Well, the first one was pretty good, too. But the rematch was, I was suffering, I had suffered prior, the week prior, to food poisoning. And so
on do I feel like reading or studying today or not it's just what I do and the fact is a habit makes it easier. So I think if someone can get into that habit it's like you know just like we brush our teeth every morning I don't think about it if I thought about it it's a little bit annoying to have to spend two minutes doing that but it's a habit that it takes no cognitive load but this would be so much harder if we have to make a decision every morning and actually that's the reason why I wear the same thing every day as well it's just one less decision I just get up and wear my blue shirt so but I think if you can get that habit that consistency of studying then it actually feels easier. So yeah it's kind of amazing in my own life like I play guitar every day for I force myself to at least for five minutes play guitar it's just it's a ridiculously short period of time but because I've gotten into that habit it's incredible what you can accomplish in a period of a year or two years you can become you know exceptionally go
ou'll give to the person on the street. Or if you think, oh, I wanna do some good in my life, you might volunteer at a local place. Or perhaps you'll decide, pursue a career where you're working in a field that's kind of more obviously beneficial like being a doctor or a nurse or a healthcare professional. But it's very rare that people apply the same level of rigor and analytical thinking to lots of other areas we think about. So take the case of someone approaching you on the street. Imagine if that person instead was saying, hey, I've got this amazing company. Do you want to invest in it? It would be insane. No one would ever think, oh, of course, I'm just a company like you'd think it was a scam. But somehow we don't have that same level of rigor when it comes to doing good, even though the stakes are more important when it comes to trying to help others than trying to make money for ourselves. Well, first of all, so there is a psychology at the individual level of doing good just feels good. And so in some sense, on that pure psychologi
 not gonna work that way. You need a mentor. Yes, you should read some books on it. But you want a mentor to help you frame them, take you around to some art, talk about it with you. So get as many mentors as you can in the things you wanna learn. And then... Can I ask you a quick tangent on that? Presumably a good mentor. Of course. Is there... I'm begging the question in there. It's complicated, right? Well, it is complicated. Is there a lot of damage to be done from a bad mentor? I don't think that much because it's very easy to drop mentors. And in fact, it's quite hard to maintain them. Good mentors tend to be busy. Bad mentors tend to be busy. And you can try on mentors and maybe they're not good for you, but there's a good chance you'll learn something. Like I had a mentor, I was an undergrad. He was a Stalinist. He edited the book called The Essential Stalin. Brilliant guy. I learned a tremendous amount from him. Was he like as a Stalinist a good mentor for me? Fan of Hayek? Well, no. But for a year it was tremendous. Yeah. He introduced me like to S
should I go and fight? Because the Austrians and the Germans and the Serbians are at each other's throats. I'd rather invest in something else. So they only bought a third of the bond issue. And then the astonishing thing that happened, which really set the tone for the next century of war, murder, Keynesianism, and theft and inflation, was that the Bank of England went and got two of the high ranking officials in the Bank of England to buy the other remaining outstanding two thirds of the bonds under their own name with a line of credit from the Bank of England. So it wasn't their own money. But they took money essentially from the Bank of England, bought two thirds of the bonds that financed the war. And that was how England was able to keep going into the war. So that's essentially what they did is what we today know as quantitative easing. Back then, they just got, they printed money from the Bank of England, or credit, printed credit, gave it to those two employees. They bought the bonds. The government could fight the war. Sounds
bution and that I served as a good role model for how humans should live their lives. And we're part of creating one of the most incredible things humans have ever created. So yes, there's the science. That's the Fermi thing, right? And the instrument, I guess. And the instrument. The instrument is a magical creation, not just by a human, by a collection of humans. The collaboration is, that's humanity at its best. I do hope we last quite a bit longer, but if we don't, this is a good thing to remember humans by. At least they built that thing. That's pretty impressive. Barry, this is an amazing conversation. Thank you so much for wasting your time and explaining so many things so well. I appreciate your time today. Thank you. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Barry Barish. To support this podcast, please check out our sponsors in the description. And now let me leave you with some words from Werner Heisenberg, a theoretical physicist and one of the key pioneers of quantum mechanics. Not only is the universe stranger than we think, 
fall. Instead you run, you go fast. So that's a way of discovering something that's hard to discover step by step incrementally. Because you can afford these evolutionist dead ends, although they are not entirely dead ends in the sense that they can serve as stepping stones. When you take two of those, put them together, you get something that works even better. And that is a great example of this kind of discovery. Yeah, learning to walk is fascinating. I talked quite a bit to Russ Tedrick who's at MIT. There's a community of folks who just roboticists who love the elegance and beauty of movement. And walking bipedal robotics is beautiful, but also exceptionally dangerous in the sense that like you're constantly falling essentially if you want to do elegant movement. And the discovery of that is, I mean, it's such a good example of that the discovery of a good solution sometimes requires a leap of faith and patience and all those kinds of things. I wonder what other spaces where you have to discover those kinds of things in. Yeah, ano
fee cup I'm touching or I'm seeing or whatever. And so you can think of all these columns are looking at different parts in different places, different sensory input, different locations, they're all different. But this layer that's doing the voting, it solidifies. It's just like it crystallizes and says, oh, we all know what we're doing. And so you don't bring these models together in one model, you just vote and there's a crystallization of the vote. Great, that's at least a compelling way to think about the way you form a model of the world. Now, you talk about a coffee cup. Do you see this, as far as I understand, you are proposing this as well, that this extends to much more than coffee cups? Yeah. It does. Or at least the physical world, it expands to the world of concepts. Yeah, it does. And well, first, the primary thing is evidence for that is that the regions of the neocortex that are associated with language or high level thought or mathematics or things like that, they look like the regions of the neocortex that process vision, hearing
gs, no stories, you know? Like it's just all that jocular ball break and it's good stuff, you know? Let me ask, I guess, a difficult question. If you just step back on the events of 9 11, on the side of the people that flew into the towers, what do you take away from that day about the nature, about human nature, about good and evil? How did that change your view of the world? I witnessed evil firsthand. I remember later on, well into that night when we were trying to help get those police officers out, I remember looking up at the building, Century 21, the store runs along the east side of the towers and it was still there and the debris had come down right almost to the edge. Century 21 is this old storied department store in New York City and the sign was there and it was still lit up, like some of the neon was broken but I think some of it was actually still lit up and I just looked around and I was like, this is a war zone, like we're at war. And we knew we were attacked, we heard the fighter planes and back then it wasn't the extensive co
nd what we have, I mean, we're already one of the most, if not the most intelligent things on this earth, right? So it's hard to imagine. But if the brain can hold up with an order of magnitude greater set of information thrown at it, if it can do, if it can reason through that. Part of me, this is the Russian thing, I think, is I tend to think that the limitations is where the superpower is, that immortality and a huge increase in bandwidth of information by connecting computers with the brain is not going to produce greater intelligence. It might produce lesser intelligence. So I don't know, there's something about the scarcity being essential to fitness or performance, but that could be just because we're so limited. No, exactly, you make do with what you have, but you don't have to be a genius but you don't have to pipe it directly to the brain. I mean, we already have devices like phones where we can look up information at any point. And that can make us more productive. You don't have to argue about, I don't know, what happened in that ba
 very surprising kind of mind expanding structure, especially in quantum mechanics. But if I had to say the single most beautiful revelation is that, in fact, the world is comprehensible. Would you say that's a fact or a hope? It's a fact. We can do, you can point to things like the rise of gross national products per capita around the world as a result of the scientific revolution. You can see it all around you. And recent developments with exponential production of wealth, control of nature at a very profound level where we do things like sense tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny vibrations to tell that there are black holes colliding far away or we test laws as I alluded to whether it's part in a billion and do things in what appear on the surface to be entirely different conceptual universes. I mean, on the one hand, pencil and paper are nowadays computers that calculate abstractions and on the other hand, magnets and accelerators and detectors that look at the behavior of fundamental particles and these different universes have to agree 
persist, maybe in TV, maybe in YouTube, maybe Netflix is pushing those kind of ideas, and it's kind of, it's a really exciting word, that kind of sharing of knowledge. Yeah, I mean, I think it's a double edged sword as it becomes more popular and more profitable, where on the one hand you'll get a lot more creativity, people doing more interesting things with the medium, but also perhaps you get this place to the bottom where suddenly maybe it'll be hard to find good content on podcasts because it'll be so overwhelmed by the latest bit of viral outrage. So speaking of that, jumping on Effective Altruism for a second, so much of that internet content is funded by advertisements. Just in the context of Effective Altruism, we're talking about the richest companies in the world, they're funded by advertisements essentially, Google, that's their primary source of income. Do you see that as, do you have any criticism of that source of income? Do you see that source of money as a potentially powerful source of money that could be used, well, certain
m in the same way that we study electrons, say, you can use them theoretically as entities out of which you build tangible things that we actually do observe but also you can, at accelerators at high energy, you can liberate them for brief periods of time and study and get convincing evidence that they leave tracks and you can get convincing evidence that they were there and have the properties that we wanted them to have. Can we talk about asymptotic freedom, this very idea that you won the Nobel Prize for? Yeah. So it describes a very weird effect to me, the weird in the following way. So the way I think of most forces or interactions, the closer you are, the stronger the effect, the stronger the force, right? With quarks, the close they are, the less so the strong interaction. And in fact, they're basically act like free particles when they're very close. That's right, yes. But this requires a huge amount of energy. Like can you describe me why, how does this even work? How weird it is? A proper description must bring in quantum mecha
m with it is, of course, that the diamonds aren't like gold. They're not very hard to make more of. And the reason we have scarcity in diamonds is really artificial. There's effectively a monopoly of diamond producers. They restrict the supply. And it's a pretty dirty business. And the way that they do it is, all of the talk about blood diamonds is a way for them to ensure their monopoly. So if you're part of the monopoly of diamond producers, then it doesn't matter how many people get killed producing your diamonds. If you're out of the monopoly, then human rights organizations descend on you and call for shutting you down for selling blood diamonds. and then you get, you pick sides. I mean, that's the thing about football. Part of the fun things about football, soccer, is like, you pick a guy, you pick a team, and fuck everyone else, and you just have fun talking shit. I mean, that's part of it, you know? It's great, it's great because I think, obviously it's a very stupid thing to do, but I think if you don't do it in football, you're gonna do it in r
rocessing in the universe, as you started to describe. Can you maybe talk through some of those stages from the physics and chemistry to DNA and brains, and then to the very end, to the very beautiful end of this process? It actually gets more rapid. So physics and chemistry, that's how we started. So the very beginning of the universe. We had lots of electrons and various things traveling around. And that took actually many billions of years, kind of jumping ahead here to kind of some of the last stages where we have things like love and creativity. It's really quite remarkable that that happens. But finally, physics and chemistry created biology and DNA. And now you had actually one type of molecule that described the cutting edge of this process. And we go from physics and chemistry to biology. And finally, biology created brains. I mean, not everything that's created by biology has a brain, but eventually brains came along. And all of this is happening faster and faster. Yeah. It created increasingly complex organisms. Another key t
like, it's like I'm the same place with that as I am with like virtual reality. It's like, all right, this seems like a really intellectually promising set of ideas here, but there's something either technically or socially not quite taking hold. Why? And I don't know what the right answer is. So with virtual reality, what's the right answer? Is it just technically the latency is too high or the games are not good enough? Or is it a fundamentally flawed idea that you can live in a virtual world and enjoy it? That the physical world is just orders of magnitude better? Or a two dimensional display is just as good as a three dimensional world? I don't know. Why is virtual reality not taking off? It's been since the 80s, right? I don't have strong opinions on it, on the prospect of the technology. Personally, I don't want to ever imagine myself having something on my eyes. I'd rather just go out into the real world. But I don't have strong opinions on virtual reality. I do have on dApps and NFTs. Yeah, what's your criticism of dApps and NFTs? Is this a d
have an intuitive grasp on the fascinating behavior of such systems where like you said, some chaotic behavior could happen, some complexity could emerge, some it could die out and some very rigid structures. Do you have a sense about cellular automata that somehow transfers maybe to the bigger questions of our universe? Yeah, the cellular automata and especially the Conway's game of life is really great because these rules are so simple. You can explain it to every child and even by hand you can simulate a little bit and you see these beautiful patterns emerge and people have proven that it's even Turing complete. You cannot just use a computer to simulate game of life but you can also use game of life to simulate any computer. That is truly amazing. And it's the prime example probably to demonstrate that very simple rules can lead to very rich phenomena. And people sometimes, how is chemistry and biology so rich? I mean, this can't be based on simple rules. But no, we know quantum electrodynamics describes all of chemistry. And
y do, they cause marked advances in evolutionary fitness. It sounds like the biological basis of creativity. And that's exactly what I think dream sleep and the algorithm of dream sleep is designed to do. It's not a Boolean like system where you have the sort of assumptions of true and false. Maybe it's more fuzzy logic system. And I think REM sleep is a perfect environment within which we do, it's almost like memory pinball. You get the information that you've learned during the day and then you pull the lever back and you shoot it up into the attic of your brain, this cortex filled with all of your past historical knowledge. And you start to bounce it around and see where one of those things lights up and you build a new connection there and you build another one there too. You're developing schemas. And so in that way, I think you could argue, we dream, therefore we are. Yeah, so in terms of this line between learning and thinking through a new thing that seems to be deeply connected, there's this legendary engineer named Jim Kell
d then combat sports, now this was a place for me to flourish, and to the point where I was more myself in that space than I was outside of it until time enough where I could learn to get this back together again. And I never say that I'll merge the two or anything like that. No, all what happened, my journey from adolescence on to manhood, a huge portion of it, besides the normal finding yourself, whatever, whatever, actually what it was was getting back to who I always was. Getting back to the kid. The curious kid, the kind kid. Getting back to the guy that I should have been allowed to become instead of what happened under the pressures of other things. And the attempt for society and certain people within managerial positions to compress what that was into something that they found more suitable. Yeah, but those pressures allow you to discover this little world, forbidden world, in many ways, of violence that you could explore. Through sport, you can explore it, and it's more socially acceptable to explore it through sport. For sur
, had a serious mistake. It had a factor of two wrong in the strength of gravity, which meant if we use those formulas, we would... And two years later, he wrote a second paper. And in that paper, it turns out to be important for us because in that paper, he not only fixed his factor of two mistake, which he never admitted, he just wrote it, fixed it like he always did. And then he told us how you make gravitational waves, what makes gravitational waves. And you might recall in electromagnetism, we make electromagnetic waves in a simple way. You take a plus charge and minus charge, you oscillate like this, and that makes the electromagnetic waves. And a physicist named Hertz made a receiver that could detect the waves and put it in the next room. He saw them and moved forward and backward and saw that it was wave like. So Einstein said, it won't be a dipole like that, it'll be a four pole thing. And that's what it's called, it's called a quadrupole moment that gives the gravitational wave. So that again, by insight, not by derivation. That set t
dollars in a checking account. You've got maybe a hundred thousand, a million, five million or something like that. A tiny fraction of your money is held in cash. The majority is going to be held in all kinds of other hard assets. And you're gonna be borrowing. The richest people in the world are the biggest borrowers in the world. The most powerful entities in the world, the governments are the biggest borrowers in the world. And that's how they are the richest and the most powerful, because every time you're borrowing, you're giving the bank an excuse to print new money. So you're devaluing everybody else's money and you're getting a bit of the cut. If you were going to buy a house with your savings, you're accumulating the savings and they're losing value. And if I were to go buy the same house with credit, I'm getting the bank to print money for me. So obviously they can cut me in on that deal. And that's why it's much cheaper for everybody to buy with credit. That's why everybody buys everything on credit. So when we look at the global mo
Ubermensch, it's like it's perhaps that ideal is not something you can hold for long. That's the very nature of it is. Yeah, well, there was an example in The Spoke Zarathustra about a snake being down the person's throat and biting it, and then having this maniacal laughter erupting, and to me it was, at least I read it as, yeah, okay, there's this insane moment that isn't forever, but that it is life and death, and the overcoming it is the thing that all of a sudden gives you that tapping into your highest state, right? This is, man is a chasm, a tightrope between man and Ubermensch. Well, I don't wanna leave your thought about, we'll call those things flourishes to the aspect of Tyson's interpretation or his expression of his feelings in combat, and so I gave this anecdote to the guy, and my first anecdote to that athlete I was working with, and I said, you know, there isn't a superior way in this sense. There is the way that works for you. That may be something you can implement to other people if you find that person, because we all have dif
e are all words that have so many meanings and so many debates, like attention is a whole nother one. Just because you're looking at something doesn't mean you're loading in the information. Just because you're looking away doesn't mean your peripheral vision can't pick up the important information. There's so many complicated vision science things there. So I wonder if you could say something to, they say the eyes are the windows to the soul. Do you think the eyes can reveal something about sleepiness through computer vision, just looking at the video of the face? And Andrew Huberman and I, your friend, have talked about this. I would love to work on this together. It's a fascinating problem. But drowsiness is a tricky one. So there's, what kind of information? There's blinking and there's eye movement. And those are the ones that can be picked up with computer vision. Do you think those are signals that could be used to say something about where we are in this continuum? Yeah, I do. And I think there are a number of other features too. I th
 my own predisposition is I always loved the, there's two ways to get you to want to pin yourself. One is to making it so painful not to pin yourself that you pin yourself or whatever. And the other is, it's sort of like a Bruce Lee, water flows, make it so easy to pin yourself. So it's technique, it's like the elegance, the ease of movement. This is the Satya brothers, Vasya, Satya, like the, just the elegance, the efficiency. Yeah, they're practically like ballet watching those guys. You know, it's incredible. Satya brothers are massive. And I'll also caveat a little bit that like, if you're approaching this from a Russian perspective, Russians are quite truthful about things, especially when it comes to something like combat. They just, this is how it is. And this is how it's going to be. It's honest. Yes. And honesty is what I really like about catch wrestling because I find that we, given any opportunity for us to be dishonest for any number of reasons, we're gonna, especially if it's a dishonesty towards a positive, right? Like, oh, well, you know, it's 
stions I've never ever answered before. Awesome, thank you so much. So thanks a lot, great. Thank you. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Stephen Pressfield, and thank you to our sponsors, the Jordan Harbinger Show and Cash App. Please consider supporting the podcast by going to jordanharbinger.com slash lex and downloading Cash App and using code lexpodcast. Click on the links, buy the stuff, it's the best way to support this podcast. If you enjoy this thing, subscribe on YouTube, review it with five stars on Apple Podcast, support it on Patreon, or connect with me on Twitter at lexfreedman, spelled without the E. Just F R I D M A N. And now let me leave you with some words from Stephen Pressfield. Are you paralyzed by fear? That's a good sign. Fear is good. Like self doubt, fear is an indicator. Fear tells us what we have to do. Remember one rule of thumb, the more scared we are of a work or a calling, the more sure we can be that we have to do it. Thank you for listening and hope to see you next time. and still have a strong bon
ses of AI like deepfakes being used for various and various purposes so I worry about some teams maybe accidentally and I hope not deliberately making a lot of noise about things that problems in the distant future rather than focusing on some of the much harder problems yeah the overshadow of the problems that we have already today they're exceptionally challenging like those you said and even the silly ones but the ones that have a huge impact huge impact which is the lighting variation outside of your factory window that that ultimately is what makes the difference between like you said the Jupiter notebook and something that actually transforms an entire industry potentially yeah and I think and then just to some companies or a regulator comes to you and says look your product is messing things up fixing it may have a revenue impact well it's much more fun to talk to them about how you promise not to wipe out humanity and to face the actually really hard problems we face so your life has been a great journe
ng by throwing in a bunch of other stuff. That's exactly right. And that's how you do genome editing. So that's what CRISPR is. That's what CRISPR is. In popular culture, people use the term. I've never, wow, that's brilliant. So CRISPR is genome vandalism followed by a bunch of band aids that have the sequence that you'd like. And you could control the choices of band aids. Correct. And of course there's new generations of CRISPR. There's something that's called prime editing that was sort of very, very much in the press recently that basically instead of sort of making a double stranded break, which again is genome vandalism, you basically make a single stranded break. You basically just nick one of the two strands, enabling you to sort of peel off without sort of completely breaking it up and then repair it locally using a guide that is coupled to your initial RNA that took you to that location. Dumb question, but is CRISPR as awesome and cool as it sounds? I mean, technically speaking, in terms of like as a tool for manipulating our genet
's lasted a long time and I think you talked about that there's a certain fads certainly in the software engineering space and it's interesting to think about technologies that sort of last for a very long time and just kind of being in the, what is it, how do they get by? It's like the cockroaches of software or the bacteria software or something like this base thing that nobody, everybody's just became reliant on and they just outlast everything else and slowly, slowly adjust with the times with a little bit of a delay, with a little bit of customization by individuals kind of that, but they're always there in the shadows and they outlast everybody else. And I wonder if that might be the story for a lot of technologies, especially in the software space. Shell scripts, all that stuff, you can't run the modern world without a bunch of shell scripts booting up machines and running things. So that is gonna be a hard thing to replace. And then tech for typesetting that you use, you said. For when I want to print it out, yeah, I just hav
 simply upon if you were, say, put through a genetic program and turned into a super soldier, like that wouldn't make it. That's like the very surface level and incorrect understanding of what the Ubermensch is. The Ubermensch is the idea of this kind of human that transcends all the weaker, lower aspects of humans, which we're full of. But I also think that there's an element in Nietzsche's writing that suggests that it's not something you can even be in all the time. Like it's even a temporary state because it's not something that we're capable of maintaining. It's something to strive for. Like a morality, an image, an ideal, a set of principles that we can connect to that doesn't rely on otherworldly kind of out there things. It's deeply human. With Nietzsche, I feel like the concept of the Ubermensch is something built on authenticity as well. Heidegger was like Dasein, right? So when you are authentic and Heidegger being a follower of Nietzsche's and highly influenced by him, I think that the Ubermensch is an example of authenticity in t
t still, I feel like we don't have this kind of unit tests or proper tests for robots. And I think there's something very interesting to be thought about there, especially as you update things. Your software improves, you have a better self driving car suite, you update it. How do you know it's indeed more capable on everything than what you had before, that you didn't have any bad things creep into it? So I think that's a very interesting direction of research that there is no real solution yet, except that somehow for humans we do. Because we say, okay, you have a driving test, you passed, you can go on the road now, and humans have accidents every like a million or 10 million miles, something pretty phenomenal compared to that short test that is being done. So let me ask, you've mentioned that Andrew Ng by example showed you the value of kindness. Do you think the space of policies, good policies for humans and for AI is populated by policies that with kindness or ones that are the opposite, exploitation, even evil? So if you just look a
 you know the pathway of action, then you can basically screen your small molecules, not for the gene, you can screen them directly for the pathway in that cell type. So you can basically develop a high throughput multiplexed robotic system for testing the impact of your favorite molecules that you know are safe, efficacious, and sort of hit that particular gene and so on and so forth. You can basically screen those molecules against either a set of genes that act in that pathway or on the pathway directly by having a cellular assay. And then you can basically go into mice and do experiments and basically sort of figure out ways to manipulate these processes that allow you to then go back to humans and do a clinical trial that basically says, okay, I was able indeed to reverse these processes in mice. Can I do the same thing in humans? So the knowledge of the tissues gives you the pathway to treatment, but that's not the only part. There are many additional steps to figuring out the mechanism of disease. So that's really prom
 that you are concerned about your fellow human beings. And but I love the idea, even if it seems allegorical, I don't mind that at all. This idea you said love earlier. And I think that when Heidegger is talking about being solicitous, that's as close as he can get. There's an Italian. Yes. So what was that line again with the solicitous of the whole thing of turning away from death? And all the words you said are just beautiful. I love those words. Yeah. Anticipatory resoluteness that is accompanied with solicitous regard to our fellow humans, which makes life appear to us to be an ongoing adventure that is permeated by unshakable joy. Now, again, Heidegger is not Mary Poppins. This I just got a tattoo. I know. This is great. I just love that exact quote. No, I'm piecing together. These are his exact words that and I spent the last two years reading almost everything that I can find because I want to. I'm sick of death. You said it. So I want to second what you say, Lex. So it's not about death. It's the Sherwood Anderson guy. He's a novelist th
s on my mind and the clarity of mind and the experiences and the happiness and all those kinds of things, I feel really good. And to be able to concretely express that through data would be nice. It would be a nice reminder, almost like a statement, like remember what feels good and whatnot. And there could be things like that, I'm not, many things that you're suggesting that I could not be aware of, that might be sitting right in front of me that make me feel really good and make me feel not good. And the data would show that. I agree with you. I've actually employed the same strategy. I fired my mind entirely from being responsible for constructing my diet. And so I started doing a program where I now track over 200 biomarkers every 90 days. And it captures, of course, the things you would expect like cholesterol, but also DNA methylation and all kinds of things about my body, all the processes that make up me. And then I let that data generate the shopping lists. And so I never actually ask my mind what it wants. It's entirely what my b
ublixworks projects of the mid 20th century. But we're at the point now where even just maintaining the stuff that we've got is such a huge project that we need to put big resources into it and good minds into it, or else we're going to be losing things that we take for granted. Do you think that there's a lot to be done in the digital space? You mentioned sort of Wikipedia and knowledge, don't you think there could be a lot of flourishing in the space of innovation, in terms of innovation in the digital space? Yeah, I mean, I'd like to see that. I think it's where a lot of the brainpower went during the last couple of generations, because people who might previously have been building rockets or other kinds of hard technologies ended up instead going into programming, computer science, which is understandable and great. We've got structural problems right now in the way social media works that are pretty severe, and so I certainly hope that we're not, 10 years from now, that we're not exactly where we are today when it comes to that stuff
 intentioned dilettante in this regard? Because what I have read is that religion evolved very early on, long before our ancestors were conscious and the issue of death arose. And the word religion evidently is from a Latin word, regatear. We can look it up. And it means to bind. And Emile Durkheim, the dead French sociologist, he said, you know, originally religion is Darce Lassing, who's a dead novelist. She calls it the substance of we feeling that it's literally that it arose because we're uber social creatures who from time to time took comfort in just being in physical proximity with our fellow humans. And that there is this kind of sense of transcendent exuberance, just back to the unshakable joy that Heidegger alludes to. And that the original function of religion was to foster social cohesion and coordination. And that it was only subsequently some claim that a burgeoning level of consciousness made it such that religious belief systems that included the hope of some kind of immortality were just naturally selected ther
eally provide for a free market. So for maximizing individual freedom and the freedom of the economy. Yeah, and if I were a king, which is highly unlikely to ever happen, but I think, you know, if you look historically, the dynasties that have succeeded at lasting for a long time, the key thing that they managed to do is to basically be libertarian. The key to being a good king is to just leave people alone. Let them do whatever they want. Don't rob them too much or rob them as little as possible, or maybe even don't rob them. And, you know, as a king, use your power only to punish people who aggress against others. Don't use your power to enrich yourself and enrich your friends. And that's really, like, if you look at smart kings, this is what they do. This is what they teach their children. And the cycle of kingdoms is that, you know, the first king understands this, builds the empire and the first couple of generations, they get this and the society is free, the economy is free. And because of that, you know, there's peace and prosperity, but 
n they, and of course, throughout all of that, they're promising that we're going to go, oh, and also the other thing that they did, which I mentioned in the chapter is, they stopped people from using physical gold and they confiscated the, well, they didn't confiscate it, but they took the physical gold and they gave people paper. So I call it the fiat white paper. You know, in Bitcoin, we have the white paper. The fiat white paper was that the Bank of England announced to all of its banks and post offices. And from now on, you should not make payment in gold and you should take payment in gold and you should encourage all your customers to turn in all of their gold and give them paper instead. Is there an actual document? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Nice. Yeah, it was, this is all new stuff. Obviously, nobody really likes to talk about this stuff because, you know, they're fiat economists, so they don't wanna talk about the original sin, but. Well, you should like republish it as the fiat white paper or something like that. There's a fascinating book by
opular, but if your name was totally unattached to it, so if it was in secret. Yeah, I mean, I think I would. To be honest, I think the kind of popularity is like, you know, it's mixed bag, but there are serious costs. And I don't particularly, I don't like love it. Like, it means you get all these people calling you a cuck on Joe Rogan. It's like not the most fun thing. But you also get a lot of sort of brownie points for doing good for the world. Yeah, you do. But I think my ideal life, I would be like in some library solving logic puzzles all day and I'd like really be like learning maths and so on. So you have a like good body of friends and so on. So your instinct for effective altruism is something deep. It's not one that is communicating socially. It's more in your heart. You want to do good for the world. Yeah, I mean, so we can look back to early giving what we can. So, you know, we're setting this up, me and Toby. And I really thought that doing this would be a big hit to my academic career because I was now spending, you know, at that time 
lems of today? It's all the same thing. So a history of hostility to commerce, which of course the old USSR is gone, but a lot of the attitudes remain, a lot of the corruption remains. You have this legacy distribution of wealth from the auctioning off of the assets, which is not conducive to some kind of broadly egalitarian democracy, and so you have these small number of power points that try to control information and wealth and not really so keen to encourage the others who ultimately would pull the balance of political power away from the very wealthy and from Putin, and they support that culture, and the return of interest in Orthodox Church and all that, it's all part of the same piece, I think, because the old Orthodox Church is not that pro commerce, you'd have to say, but it's traditionalist, it's pro family, those are safer ideas, and then there's such a great safety valve, the most ambitious, smartest people, like they probably will learn English, they sort of can look like they belong in all sorts of other countries, they ca
an open mind. And also I don't, and be sort of self introspective about what, how like biases I operate under and ways I delude myself, like hallucinations that I'm living under. It's like breaking out of all these hallucinations. It's very hard to introspect thinking like what are the assumptions under which I live my entire life that might be actually false assumptions. That's a really difficult thought process to take. It's a dangerous one. It's the nature if you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss gaze into you. It's like Alex Jones talks about this. I mean he's living, he's got demons in his head. So he has like all these conspiracy theories that it holds in his head but it begins to really destroy him. So it's a psychological burden to carry. So if you question, if you question authority, if you question government, if you question culture, the way things have been done, it's really difficult. And the biases you operate under, it's really difficult to question them. So I think like being constantly open minded and self critical, not constan
ther it's possible to do this on a scale in a country as big as ours, on all of the things that really matter, gross, domestic GDP or whatever, that's just an abstraction. But when you look at whatever the United Nations says, how we measure quality of life, life expectancy, education, rates of alcoholism, suicide, and so on, the countries that do better are the mixed economies. They're market economies that have high tax rates in exchange for the provision of services that come as a right for citizens. Yeah, so I mean, I guess the question is, you've kind of mentioned that, you know, as Marx described, capitalism with a slippery slope, eventually things go awry in some kind of way. So that's the question is, when you have, when you implement a system, how does it go wrong eventually? You know, eventually we'll all be dead. That's exactly right. No, that's right. So, and then the criticism, I mean, I think these days, unfortunately, Marxism is a dirty word. I say unfortunately, because even if you disagree with a philosophy, you should, like calling somebo
a good description of what's happened in the past, what's happened recently with the reemergence of artificial neural networks. It may be a good prescription for what's gonna happen in the short term. But I don't think that's the path. I've said that earlier. There's an alternate path. I should mention to you, by the way, that we've made sufficient progress on the whole cortical theory in the last few years that last year we decided to start actively pursuing how do we get these ideas embedded into machine learning? Well, that's, again, being led by my colleague, Subed Tariman, and he's more of a machine learning guy. I'm more of a neuroscience guy. So this is now, I wouldn't say our focus, but it is now an equal focus here because we need to proselytize what we've learned and we need to show how it's beneficial to the machine learning layer. So we're putting, we have a plan in place right now. In fact, we just did our first paper on this. I can tell you about that. But one of the reasons I wanna talk to you is because I'm trying to get more people
ome home if you don't marry a Jewish woman. Right. Which is implying that if you're not Jewish, you're an inferior form of life. Yeah. That's what tribes always do. And there's the tribal thing. And so there's a guy named Amin Malouf, a Lebanese guy who writes in French in the 1990s, I think wrote a book called In the Name of Identity, Violence and the Need to Belong. And that was his point is unless we can overcome this tribal mentality, this will not end well. But you said earlier something, Lex, that I think is profound and profoundly important. And that is you did not recoil in horror when I mentioned Kierkegaard's use of the term faith. And so I'm a big fan of faith and I'm not sure what that implies. And by the way, this is just a peripheral comment, but I find less resistance to Becker's ideas in our work when I'm in Jesuit schools. It's the Americans, the secular humanists who are most disinclined to accept these ideas. It's an important side comment because I think it's mostly because they don't think philosophically. I speak with a lot of sc
ans know that your time is limited and you wanna make it count. And you can make it count in many different ways, but I think that has a lot to do with creativity and the need for humans to do something beyond just surviving. And now going from that simple definition to something that's the next level, I think that that could be the second level of definition, that intelligence means something, that you do something that stays behind you, that's more than your existence. You create something that is useful for others, is useful in the future, not just for yourself. And I think that's the nicest definition of intelligence within a next level. And it's also nice because it doesn't require that they are humans or biological. They could be artificial agents that are intelligence. They could achieve those kind of goals. So particular agent, the ripple effects of their existence on the entirety of the system is significant. So like they leave a trace where there's like a, yeah, like ripple effects. But see, then you go back to the butterfly 
anger about this, there's, you know, many giants in that field. And then the last concept is not intervening at the single gene level. I want you to sort of conceptualize the concept of an on target side effect. What is an on target side effect? An off target side effect is when you design a molecule to target one gene and instead it targets another gene and you have side effects because of that. And on target side effect is when your molecule does exactly what you were expecting, but that gene is plyotropic. Plyo means many, tropos means ways, many ways, it acts in many ways. It's a multifunctional gene. So you find that this gene plays a role in this, but as we talked about the wiring of genes to phenotypes is extremely dense and extremely complex. So the next stage of intervention will be intervening not at the gene level, but at the network level. Intervening at the set of pathways and the set of genes with multi input perturbations to the system, multi input modulations, pharmaceutical or other interventional, and that basicall
 frame. The interesting thing about the reference frames in the brain, and we know this because these have been established through neuroscience studying the entorhinal cortex. So I'm not speculating here, okay? This is known neuroscience in an old part of the brain. The way these cells create reference frames, they have no origin. So what it's more like, you have a point, a point in some space, and you, given a particular movement, you can then tell what the next point should be. And you can then tell what the next point would be, and so on. You can use this to calculate how to get from one point to another. So how do I get from my house to my home, or how do I get my finger from the side of my cup to the top of the cup? How do I get from the axioms to the conjecture? So it's a different type of reference frame, and I can, if you want, I can describe in more detail, I can paint a picture of how you might want to think about that. It's really helpful to think it's something you can move through, but is there, is it helpful to think of it as
 a business plan behind it. But I think it's well chosen. I think it's probably the only approach to take. A lot of the, when white people came to this continent and started colonizing it, there was not a lot of coherent planning. What plans they did have turned out to be terrible plans. Trying to come up with plans that extend decades into the future is a waste of time. So do it for the kind of unexplainable love of the unknown, like the journey towards exploring the unknown and just kind of keep going. You saw it with Shatner and his reaction to the flight yesterday. He, for him that trip was more than worth it just for these intangible reasons. What did he say? I haven't watched the video yet. He was trying to express, talking a lot about the moment where suddenly you kind of rise above the thin blue blanket of the atmosphere and you're up into the blackness. And that had a huge impact on him. So he was kind of, I wouldn't say groping for words because he was pretty eloquent, but he was trying to express his feelings about that in
since, God rest his soul, passed away. And he's a controversial guy, big time business titan. And, you know, there was, the press was just brutalizing him one day over something to do with his politics. Now, I'm a union guy, proudly served in unions, still in a union, you know? And he was not, you know, most business guys don't like unions, right? But, you know, most guys like me don't like working for $3 an hour, so we like our unions, right? And I reached out across the table, so to speak, and I sent him a handwritten letter to thank him, to say, we may not agree on everything, but I can't thank you enough. There's just this regular dude out there who is now living his life, watching his kids grow. Thanks to generous people like you who believe enough in cancer research, you've saved my life. Maybe, I can't say his exact dollars, but people like him. And he reached back out and his secretary said, oh, he'd like to talk to you on the phone. I go, well, he's kind of a busy guy, he wants to talk to me, he's a billionaire. And he got on the phone, he was like the grea
 that can run experiments that we can't run. We don't have the abilities to manipulate things and so on, but we can build intelligent machines that do all those things with the ultimate goal of finding out the answers to the other questions. Let me ask you another depressing and difficult question, which is once we achieve that goal of creating, no, of understanding intelligence, do you think we would be happier, more fulfilled as a species? The understanding intelligence or understanding the answers to the big questions? Understanding intelligence. Oh, totally, totally. It would be far more fun place to live. You think so? Oh yeah, why not? I mean, just put aside this terminator nonsense and just think about, you can think about, we can talk about the risks of AI if you want. I'd love to, so let's talk about. But I think the world would be far better knowing things. We're always better than know things. Do you think it's better, is it a better place to live in that I know that our planet is one of many in the solar system and the solar syst
ou know? You're really, you're burning up a lot of B vitamins when you're working here, aren't you? Yeah, but. Maybe it's a Russian thing with you, Lex. Well, it's not even a Russian thing. It also may be youth, you know? At 35, you can be crazy. You know, that's the thing, they keep telling me, but I'm pretty sure I'll be added still at a later time too. I think it has to do with the career choice too. I think writing is almost, from everything I've heard, it's almost impossible to do it more than a few hours really well. When you start to get into certain disciplines, like with Elon Musk and me, engineering disciplines, that really there's a lot more non muse time needed. Right, right, right. So the crazy hours that you often are talking about have to be done, and it doesn't. I think that's true. Yeah, so there's still the two, three hours of muse time needed for truly genius ideas, but it's something I certainly struggle with. But yeah, I hear you loud and clear on the health. So what does a perfect day look like for you if we're talking about writing? An hour by
tly, but a little bit every day is important I think. Yeah, but I mean, you know, you're talking to somebody, I grew up in Ramallah in Palestine in the West Bank. I've changed my mind on all kinds of different things. The fact that I was even open to the idea of Bitcoin is required, has required an enormous, enormous amount of, it's a heck of a journey. So I'd much rather appreciate, you know, direct arguments rather than these kinds of general fluffy, you know, you should be, oh, of course, yes, you should be open minded, but you know, also you come up with conclusions and you delete spam email sometimes when you know that it is spam because you have to move on with your life. You can't, there's an opportunity cost to considering every spam email, so. Well, to me, okay, so I'll just say from my relatively sort of shallow perspective, almost like a technical person, mostly, my understanding of economics is weak. Proof of stake is not obviously a weak consensus mechanism relative to proof of work. So that's not obvious to me that that goes wrong and b
ttle bit on the... Say the price of copper goes up, right? Because there's a problem with the copper mine in Chile or Bolivia. So the price of copper goes up. All around the world, people are led to economize copper, to look for substitutes for copper, to change their production processes, to change the goods and services they buy, to build homes a different way. And this one event creates this one tiny change in information. This gets into your AI work very directly. And how much complexity that one change engenders in a meaningful, coherent way, how the different pieces of the price system fit together. Hayek really laid out very clearly. And it's like an AI problem. And how well, not for everything, but for many things, we solve that AI problem. I learned, I was, I think 13, maybe 14 when I read Hayek. Yeah, the distributed nature of things there. And it's like your work on human attention, like how much can we take in? Yes. Very often not that much. And how many of the advances of modern civilization you need to understand as a response to that 
t vision is like. Vision is this sort of crazy time based pattern that's going all over the place, and so is touch and so is hearing. So the first part of hierarchical temporal memory was the temporal part. It's to say, you won't understand the brain, nor will you understand intelligent machines unless you're dealing with time based patterns. The second thing was, the memory component of it was, is to say that we aren't just processing input, we learn a model of the world. And the memory stands for that model. The point of the brain, the part of the neocortex, it learns a model of the world. We have to store things, our experiences, in a form that leads to a model of the world. So we can move around the world, we can pick things up and do things and navigate and know how it's going on. So that's what the memory referred to. And many people just, they were thinking about like certain processes without memory at all. They're just like processing things. And then finally, the hierarchical component was a reflection to that the neocortex, althoug
t of the humanities. That's why it's innovative. They have very different conversations. There's the number of emails I get about, listen, I really deeply respect diversity and the full scope of what diversity means and also the more narrow scope of different races and genders and so on. It's a really important topic, but there's a disproportionate number of emails I'm getting about meetings and discussions and that just kind of is overwhelming. I don't get enough emails from people, like a meeting about why are all your ideas bad? Let's, for example, let me call out MIT. Why don't we do more? Why don't we kick Stanford's ass or Google's ass, more importantly, in deep learning and machine learning and AI research? What CSAIL, for example, used to be a laboratory is a laboratory for artificial intelligence research. And why is that not the beacon of greatness in artificial intelligence? Let's have those meetings as well. Diversity talk has oddly become this new mechanism for enforcing conformity. Yes, exactly. And right, so it's almost like this con
days before my alarm at 7.04, and it's 7.04 because why not be idiosyncratic in terms of setting an alarm? I love it. And so I... That's kind of awesome. I've never heard about that. That's amazing. I'm gonna start doing that now, setting alarms like a little bit off the... Yeah, I know. I'm never quite sure why we all... It's a celebration of uniqueness. Yeah, and I am quite the odd snowflake in that sense too. So I would usually then try to force myself because I had that same mentality that if I wasn't up at 6.30 and in the gym by seven that there was something wrong with me. And I quickly abandoned that. But if I look back, if there was a shameful act that I have around my sleep, I think it would be that for some years until I really started to get more detailed into sleep. And now I have no shame in telling people that I will probably usually wake up around 6.45 naturally, sometimes seven when people are looking at me thinking, you're a sloth, you're lazy. And I don't finish my daily workout until I'm not working until probably nine o clock in the morning think
ve you guys worked on those genes with your single gene approach? We'd love to know everything you know. And if you haven't, we now know how important these genes are. Let's now launch a single gene program to dissect them and understand them. But you cannot use that as a way to dissect disease. You have to think genomically. You have to think from the global perspective and you have to build these circuits systematically. So we need numbers of computer scientists who are interested and willing to dive into these data fully, fully in and extract meaning. We need computer science people who can understand machine learning and inference and decouple these matrices, come up with super smart ways of dissecting them. But we also need computer scientists who understand biology, who are able to design the next generation of experiments. Because many of these experiments, no one in their right mind would design them without thinking of the analytical approach that you would use to deconvolve the data afterwards. Because it's massive amo
The following is a conversation with Peter Abbeel. He's a professor at UC Berkeley and the director of the Berkeley Robotics Learning Lab. He's one of the top researchers in the world working on how we make robots understand and interact with the world around them, especially using imitation and deep reinforcement learning. This conversation is part of the MIT course on Artificial General Intelligence and the Artificial Intelligence podcast. If you enjoy it, please subscribe on YouTube, iTunes, or your podcast provider of choice, or simply connect with me on Twitter at Lex Friedman, spelled F R I D. And now, here's my conversation with Peter Abbeel. You've mentioned that if there was one person you could meet, it would be Roger Federer. So let me ask, when do you think we'll have a robot that fully autonomously can beat Roger Federer at tennis? Roger Federer level player at tennis? Well, first, if you can make it happen for me to meet Roger, let me know. In terms of getting a robot to beat him at tennis, it's kind of an interesting quest
ls that have different genetic variants, how are their genes expressed differently? Remember before I was saying that the path between genetics and disease is enormous, but we can break it up to look at the path between genetics and gene expression. So instead of using Alzheimer's as a phenotype, I can now use expression of IRX3 as the phenotype, expression of gene A. And I can look at all of the humans who contain a G at that location and all the humans that contain a T at that location and basically say, wow, it turns out that the expression of each gene is higher for the T humans than for the G humans at that location. So that basically gives me a genetic link between a genetic variant, a locus, a region, and the expression of nearby genes. Good on the genetic link? I think so. Awesome. The third genetic link is the activity link. What's an activity link? It basically says if I look across 833 different epigenomes, whenever this enhancer is active, this gene is active. That gives me an activity link between this region of the DNA and
ion, which is what we're kind of talking about when we say engineering consciousness. And that will happen, of course, let's flip that on its head. Right now we're putting humans as the central node. What if we gave GPT3 a bunch of human brains and said, hey, GPT3, learn some manners when you speak. Yeah. And run your algorithms on humans brains and see how they respond. So you can be polite and so that you can be friendly and so that you can be conversationally appropriate, but to inverse it, to give our machines a training set in real time with closed loop feedback so that our machines were better equipped to find their way through our society in polite and kind and appropriate ways. I love that idea. Or better yet, teach it some, have it read the following documents and have it visit Austin and Texas. And so that when you ask, when you tell it, why don't you learn some manners, GPT3 learns to say no. It learns what it means to be free and a sovereign individual. So that, it depends. So it depends what kind of a version of GPT3 you want. One
 axis in log scale is computation per second per constant dollar. So dollar normalized inflation. And it's growing linearly on the log scale, which means it's growing exponentially. The third one was the British computer, which the Allies did take very seriously. And it cracked the German code and enables the British to win the Battle of Britain, which otherwise absolutely would not have happened if they hadn't cracked the code using that computer. But that's an exponential graph. So a straight line on that graph is exponential growth. And you see 80 years of exponential growth. And I would say about every five years, and this happened shortly before the pandemic, people saying, well, they call it Moore's law, which is not the correct, because that's not all intel. In fact, this started decades before intel was even created. It wasn't with transistors formed into a grid. So it's not just transistor count or transistor size. Right, it started with relays, then went to vacuum tubes, then went to individual transistors, and then to integrated circ
would be intelligent, of course, with that definition. And you might have even some other forms of life, even. So intelligence in that sense is a survival skill given resources that you have and using your resources so that you will stay around. Do you think death, mortality is fundamental to an agent? So like there's, I don't know if you're familiar, there's a philosopher named Ernest Becker who wrote The Denial of Death and his whole idea. And there's folks, psychologists, cognitive scientists that work on terror management theory. And they think that one of the special things about humans is that we're able to sort of foresee our death, right? We can realize not just as animals do, sort of constantly fear in an instinctual sense, respond to all the dangers that are out there, but like understand that this ride ends eventually. And that in itself is the force behind all of the creative efforts of human nature. That's the philosophy. I think that makes sense, a lot of sense. I mean, animals probably don't think of death the same way, but hum
 surface of the cell and it's what we call receptor internalization. So the cell starts to think, gee whiz, there's a lot of stimulation going on, this is too much. So I'm just going to, when normally I would coat my cell with let's just say five of these receptors for argument's sake, things are going a little bit too ballistic right now. I'm going to take away at least two of those receptors and downscale it to just having three of those. And now you need two cups of coffee to get the same effect that one cup of coffee got you before. And that's why then when you go cold turkey on coffee, all of a sudden the system has equilibrated itself to expecting X amount of stimulation and now all of that stimulation is gone. So it's now got too few receptors and you have a caffeine withdrawal syndrome. And that's why, for example, with drugs of abuse, things like heroin, when people go into abstinence, as they're sort of moving into their addiction, they will build up a progressive tolerance to that drug. So they need to take more of it to get th
think you put it really eloquently. I do think there's moments that are like aha moments that really inspire people. I think for some reason, reinforcement learning, especially deep reinforcement learning is a really great way to really inspire people and get what the use of neural networks can do. Even though neural networks really are just a part of the deep RL framework, but it's a really nice way to paint the entirety of the picture of a neural network being able to learn from scratch, knowing nothing and explore the world and pick up lessons. I find that a lot of the aha moments happen when you use deep RL to teach people about neural networks, which is counterintuitive. I find like a lot of the inspired sort of fire in people's passion, people's eyes, it comes from the RL world. Do you find reinforcement learning to be a useful part of the teaching process or no? I still teach reinforcement learning in one of my Stanford classes and my PhD thesis was on reinforcement learning. So I clearly loved a few. I find that if I'm tr
 of a filter mechanism and it puts you in a different state. Your computation is in a different state. Certain things don't really get through and others are heightened. Now you label that box emotion. I don't know if that means it's an emotion, but it acts very much like we understand what emotions are. And we actually did some work like that, modeling hyenas who were trying to steal a kill from lions, which happens in Africa. I mean, hyenas are quite intelligent, but not really intelligent. And they have this behavior that's more complex than anything else they do. They can band together, if there's about 30 of them or so, they can coordinate their effort so that they push the lions away from a kill. Even though the lions are so strong that they could kill a hyena by striking with a paw. But when they work together and precisely time this attack, the lions will leave and they get the kill. And probably there are some states like emotions that the hyenas go through. The first, they call for reinforcements. They really want that kill, but
 the justification for glorifying the unbridled pursuit of wealth, well, they're only half right because it turns out that we can be innately selfish, but we are also innately generous and reciprocating creatures. There's remarkable studies, I think they've been done at Yale, of, you know, babies, 14 month old babies. If someone hands them a toy and then wants something in return, babies before they can walk and talk will reciprocate. All right, fine. If someone, if they want a toy, let's say, or a bottle of water, baby wants a bottle of water, and I look like I'm trying to give it to the baby, but I drop the bottle so the baby doesn't get what she or he wanted. When given a chance to reciprocate, little babies will reciprocate because they're aware of and are responding to intention. Similarly, if they see somebody behaving unfairly to someone, they will not help that person in return. So my point is, yeah, we are selfish creatures at times, but we are also simultaneously ubersocial creatures who are eager to reciprocate, and in fact, we're congeni
se energy? You emanate heat. So heat is energy loss. So there's... Which is where the thermogenesis comes in. Thermogenesis is actually a regulatory process that modulates the third component of the thermodynamic equation. You can basically control thermogenesis explicitly. You can turn on and turn off thermogenesis. And that's where the mitochondria comes into play. Exactly. So Irix3 and RX5 turn out to be the master regulators of a process of thermogenesis versus lipogenesis generation of fat. So Irix3 and RX5 in most people burn heat, burn calories as heat. So when you eat too much, just burn it off in your fat cells. So that bathtub has basically a sort of dissipation knob that most people are able to turn on. I am unable to turn that on because I am a homozygous carrier for the mutation that changes a T into a C in the RS1421085 allele and locus, a SNP. I have the risk allele twice from my mom and from my dad. So I'm unable to thermogenize. I'm unable to turn on thermogenesis through Irix3 and RX5 because the regulator that normally binds her
The following is a conversation with Barry Barish, a theoretical physicist at Caltech and the winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics for his contributions to the LIGO detector and the observation of gravitational waves. LIGO, or the Laser Interferometer Gravitational Wave Observatory, is probably the most precise measurement device ever built by humans. It consists of two detectors with four kilometer long vacuum chambers situated three thousand kilometers apart, operating in unison to measure a motion that is ten thousand times smaller than the width of a proton. It is the smallest measurement ever attempted by science, a measurement of gravitational waves caused by the most violent and cataclysmic events in the universe, occurring over tens of millions of light years away. To support this podcast, please check out our sponsors in the description. This is the Lex Friedman Podcast and here is my conversation with Barry Barish. Yeah, that memory is kind of something I use to illustrate something I think is common in science, t
 content. So many Fridays, Saturdays, I would go out, have dinner with my friends, and then I would think, OK, do you want to go home now? Or do you want to go to the office to film videos? And the thought of being able to help 100,000 people potentially learn machine learning, fortunately, that made me think, OK, I want to go to my office, go to my tiny little recording studio. I would adjust my Logitech webcam, adjust my Wacom tablet, make sure my lapel mic was on, and then I would start recording often until 2 a.m. or 3 a.m. I think unfortunately, that doesn't show that it was recorded that late at night, but it was really inspiring the thought that we could create content to help so many people learn about machine learning. How did that feel? The fact that you're probably somewhat alone, maybe a couple of friends recording with a Logitech webcam and kind of going home alone at 1 or 2 a.m. at night and knowing that that's going to reach sort of thousands of people, eventually millions of people, what's that feeling like? I mean, is there a feeling of ju
w that my brain predicts what it's gonna feel before it touches it. You can just think about it and imagine it. And so we know that the brain's making predictions all the time. So the question is, what does it take to predict that? And there's a very interesting answer. First of all, it says the brain has to know it's touching a coffee cup. It has to have a model of a coffee cup. It needs to know where the finger currently is on the cup relative to the cup. Because when I make a movement, it needs to know where it's going to be on the cup after the movement is completed relative to the cup. And then it can make a prediction about what it's gonna sense. So this told me that the neocortex, which is making this prediction, needs to know that it's sensing it's touching a cup. And it needs to know the location of my finger relative to that cup in a reference frame of the cup. It doesn't matter where the cup is relative to my body. It doesn't matter its orientation. None of that matters. It's where my finger is relative to the cup, which tells me
st coming back. And I'm like, holy shoot, we're under attack? And we couldn't really get concrete intel as to what exactly we knew planes. But then we kept hearing there was multiple devices. There was devices in a battery tunnel. And there was devices on a George Washington bridge and in the subways. And it was just chaos. It was, I mean, we kept it together, obviously, because that's kind of, we try. That's what we do. But the just constant barrage of different reports, it was like, holy shoot. And then as we were being deployed, it was a little frustrating. But they were trying to take command and send us in groups now because they realized we have to start searching this. You could hear the alarms on the Scott Air Mask, the packs we wear to go into the building. It has a motion alarm. And if you stop moving for 30 seconds, it just sounds like this whining, just screaming bell. And it just keeps going and going. And you could hear multiple units of those going off. And you're like, wait a minute. There's guys with those. Where are they? And it's ema
s states. Do you think of sleep as a fundamentally different conscious state than awakeness? And how many conscious states are there so when you're into it, you're understanding of what the mind can do, do you think awake state, sleep state, or is there some kind of continuum? There's a complicated state transition diagram. Like how do you think about this whole space? I think about it as a state space diagram. And I think it's probably more of a continuum than we have believed it to be or suggested it to be. So we used to think absent of anesthesia that there were already three main states of consciousness. There was being awake, being in non rapid eye movement sleep or non dream sleep, and then being in rapid eye movement sleep or dream sleep. And those were the three states within which your brain could percolate and be conscious. Conscious during non REM sleep is maybe a stretch to say, but I still believe there is plenty of consciousness there. I don't believe that though anymore. And the reason is because we can have daydreams
aring between the linear controllers that tile the space. And that was always my intuition as to why to expect that this might work pretty well. It's essentially leveraging the fact that linear feedback control is so good, but of course not enough. And this is a gradual tiling of the space with linear feedback controls that share a lot of expertise across them. So that's really nice intuition, but do you think that scales to the more and more general problems of when you start going up the number of dimensions when you start going down in terms of how often you get a clean reward signal? Does that intuition carry forward to those crazier, weirder worlds that we think of as the real world? So I think where things get really tricky in the real world compared to the things we've looked at so far with great success in reinforcement learning is the time scales, which takes us to an extreme. So when you think about the real world, I mean, I don't know, maybe some student decided to do a PhD here, right? Okay, that's a decision. That's a v
 then that the neocortex has a reference frame that's anchored to the cup. Because otherwise I wouldn't be able to say the location and I wouldn't be able to predict my new location. And then we quickly, very instantly can say, well, every part of my skin could touch this cup. And therefore every part of my skin is making predictions and every part of my skin must have a reference frame that it's using to make predictions. So the big idea is that throughout the neocortex, there are, everything is being stored and referenced in reference frames. You can think of them like XYZ reference frames, but they're not like that. We know a lot about the neural mechanisms for this, but the brain thinks in reference frames. And as an engineer, if you're an engineer, this is not surprising. You'd say, if I wanted to build a CAD model of the coffee cup, well, I would bring it up and some CAD software, and I would assign some reference frame and say this features at this locations and so on. But the fact that this, the idea that this is occurring through
ave a successful adult. And see, that's the problem in our society, it's not judgmental, I'm not judging anyone, but we need to try harder as parents as siblings, as friends, but especially when we're blessed with a child, it's like, you gotta put that child first, it's like being a military personal responder, it's not about you anymore, now it's the team. So that little child is now the team and you know, your wife or your significant other, you know, like it's not about you anymore. And see, that's the problem is people have a hard time not making it about them, you know, like now it's really weird, my kids are 19, 21 and 24 and they hardly wanna hang with me because they're busy in their life, we love each other, they're probably tired of hearing me go on and you know, preach and whatever, but like, but they're adults, we did pretty much the crux of what we had to do to put them into adulthood. And I look back and I go, wow, I wish I didn't work so much and I wish, but then I say, no, but it was okay, my wife stayed home, good lessons, good, you know, just like. Bu
f they wanted to buy a product for themselves, they would look at Amazon reviews. They were like, well, what are the best charities? Found they just weren't really good answers to that question, certainly not that they were satisfied with. And so they formed GiveWell in order to try and work out what are those charities where they can have the biggest impact. And then from there and some other influences, kind of community grew and spread. Can we explore the philosophical and political space that effective altruism occupies a little bit? So from the little and distant in my own lifetime that I've read of Ayn Rand's work, Ayn Rand's philosophy of objectivism, espouses, and it's interesting to put her philosophy in contrast with effective altruism. So it espouses selfishness as the best thing you can do. But it's not actually against altruism. It's just you have that choice, but you should be selfish in it, right? Or not, maybe you can disagree here. But so it can be viewed as the complete opposite of effective altruism or it can be viewed
he state of Washington. And we know that DDT, although it did kill a lot of insects, also had terrible effects on bird populations. So the kind of backlash that happened in the 70s that is still kind of going on is to sort of assume that everything is a double edged sword and always to look for, we have to absolutely convince ourselves that the downside isn't going to come back and bite us before we can adopt any new technology. And I think the people are overly sensitized to that now. Yeah, it's funny, depending on the technology, people are a little bit too terrified of certain technologies, like artificial intelligence is one. My sense is that the things that they're afraid of aren't the things that are likely going to happen in terms of negative things. It's probably impossible to predict exactly the unintended negative consequences. But what's also interesting is for AI as an example, people don't think enough about the positive things. I mean, the same is true with social media. It's very popular now, for some reason, to talk about 
impaired as they would be if they were legally drunk. And the reason I bring that point up is because I don't know any company or CEO who would say, I've got this great team, they're drunk all the time. But we often lord the airport warrior who's flown through three different time zones in the past two days, is on email at 2 a.m. and then is in the office at six. And I think there is some aspect, not in all people, but there is sort of some aspect of that slight sleep machismo. And that's not what you are very different. You are driven by a purity of passion and a very authentic, incredibly genuine goal of wanting to do something remarkable with your life. That's not the issue I think I'm speaking about. It's just simply that I think maybe this notion of wanting to be awake for longer to try and get more done can sometimes be at odds with the fact that you can actually get so much more done if you're well slept. And it's this trade off. I actually admire people that take the big risk and work hard, whether that means staying up late at n
obody with it. And I said, I don't know, I don't hear anything. He says, me neither. He goes, no one's coming out of here. And I said, no, no, no, there's gotta be someone coming out of here. I mean, there's just thousands of people in here and they're coming out. He says, brother, we would hear them calling for help, they're gone. And I still at that point thought there was a chance. And after about the fourth day, they just said, this is a recovery now. There's no more life, there's no more chance. And then that first night we went full tilt till my crew, my specific crew of 12, 15 guys. And four in the morning, we just couldn't breathe anymore. We couldn't see, we were caked just with, it was like if you took flour and just kept dousing yourself. And the Lieutenant just said, look, guys, we're gonna go back, we're gonna get some medical aid and then we'll come back in a few hours. And we took a city bus back through the battery tunnel and unbeknownst to us that morning, this off duty firefighter, Steven Siller from Squad Company One, he raced down there with his p
ard. And I couldn't believe it. I said, well, wait a minute, I have insurance. They're like, oh, no, no, this is terrorism related. We don't cover that. So usually then workers comp will cover your on duty injury or illness. Oh, no, no, no, leukemia is not covered under that. We don't cover that. So then the ping pong game starts and I'm literally have people showing up, taking pictures of my kids in front of the house. And I went and grabbed the guy one day by the collar. So who the hell are you? Sir, I'm a private investigator. We're putting a lien on this property due to a nonpayment of a bill. I said, okay, I understand. Do your job. Let me bring my kids inside. Take all the pictures you want. Don't step on my front lawn. And I went in the house. I closed my room, my door, my door, my room, and I cried. I said, I can't believe this. I spent my entire adult life trying to help people, give of myself, and I can't even get my medical bill paid. Well, John Field got my medical bill paid. He finally got these politicians with his team, firefighter Ray Pfeiffer, who h
discovery and therapeutics, it's been on the order of 50 years, it's been shortened to 40, 30, 20, and now it's on the order of 10 years. But the huge number of technologies that are going on right now for discovery will result undoubtedly in the most dramatic manipulation of human biology that we've ever seen in the history of humanity in the next few years. Do you think we might be able to cure some of the diseases we started this conversation with? Absolutely. Absolutely. It's only a matter of time. Basically the complexity is enormous and I don't want to underestimate the complexity but the number of insights is unprecedented and the ability to manipulate is unprecedented and the ability to deliver these small molecules and other non traditional medicine perturbations, there's a new generation of perturbations that you can use at the DNA level, at the RNA level, at the micro RNA level, at the epigenomic level, there's a battery of new generations of perturbations. If you couple that with cell type identifiers that can basically sense when 
ome kind of transcendent power. All right. But of course, this raises the question of, well, is that just another death denying belief system? And at the end of the denial of death, Becker admits that there's no way to tell while still advocating for what is ultimately a religious stance. Now, one of the things that I don't understand, and Becker has been the most singularly potent influence in my academic and personal life, but a year or two ago, I started reading Martin Heidegger. I'm reading Being and Time. And what I now wonder is why Becker, who refers to Heidegger from time to time in his work, why he didn't take Heidegger more seriously. Because Heidegger is like a secular Kierkegaard. He has the same thing, which is death anxiety. Oh, and I should have pointed out that what Kierkegaard says is that death anxiety, most people don't go to the school of anxiety. They flee from death anxiety by embracing their cultural beliefs. Kierkegaard says they then tranquilize themselves with the trivial. And I love that phrase. It's a beautiful p
e's a large carbon footprint and all that. I mean, we are using a lot of computation for doing it. So intelligent methods and intelligent, I mean, we have to do some science in order to figure out what the right representations are and right operators are, and how do we evaluate them without having to fully train them. And that is where the current research is and we're making progress on all those fronts. So yes, there are certain architectures that are more amenable to that approach, but also I think we can create our own architecture and all representations that are even better at that. And do you think it's possible to do like a tiny baby network that grows into something that can do state of the art on like even the simple data set like MNIST, and just like it just grows into a gigantic monster that's the world's greatest handwriting recognition system? Yeah, there are approaches like that. Esteban Real and Cochlear for instance, I worked on evolving a smaller network and then systematically expanding it to a larger one. Your
 question. A lot of the great creators did not have huge cushions, whether it was Mozart or James Brown or the great painters in history, they had to work pretty hard. And if you look at heirs to great fortunes, maybe I'm forgetting someone, but it's hard to think of any who have creatively been important as novelists, or they might have continued to run the family business. But Van Gogh was not heir to a great family fortune. It's sad that cushions get in the way of progress. It's the same point about prizes, right? Inheriting too much money is like winning a prize. We mentioned Eric, Eric Weinstein. I know you agree on a bunch of things. Is there some beautiful, fascinating, insightful disagreement that you have that has yet to be resolved with him? Is there some ideas that you guys battle it out on? Is it the stagnation question that you mentioned? That's one of them, but here's at least two others. But I would stress Eric is always evolving. So I'm just talking about a time slice Eric, right? I don't know where he's at right now. Like I hea
ink it's really important to think about, I can be honest enough to say that it's, I haven't been able to figure out how to engineer any of these things. But I do think it's really, really important. Like I have, so I have a bunch of Roombas here. I can show it to you after that. Roombas is a robot that does vacuums the floor and I've had them make different sounds. Like I had them scream in pain and it, you immediately anthropomorphize and it creates, I don't know, knowing that they can feel pain. See, I'm speaking, like knowing that I immediately imagine that they can feel pain and it immediately draws me closer to them, the human experience. And that there's something in that that should be engineered in our systems, it feels like. I believe, personally, I don't know what you think, but I believe it's possible for a robot and a human to fall in love, for example, in the future. Oh, I think it's, yeah, it's already there. No, there's a certain kind of deep connection with technology. I mean, a real, like you would choose to marry. I mean, again, it sounds
ays where I'm not sure whether it be prediction markets or DeFi. I'm not sure the retail demand really is there once it is regulated like everything else is. I would say I'm 40, 60 optimistic on those forms of crypto. That is, I think it's somewhat more likely they fail than succeed, but I take them very seriously. So we're talking about it becoming one of the main currencies in the world. That's what we're discussing. That I don't think will happen. So, but the reality is that Bitcoin used to be in the single digits of a dollar and now has crossed $50,000 for a single Bitcoin. Do you think it's possible it reaches something like a million dollars? I don't think we have a good theory of the value of Bitcoin. If people decide it's worth a million dollars, it's worth a million dollars. But isn't that money? Like you said, isn't the ultimate state of money confusion, however beautifully you put it? It's like valuing an Andy Warhol painting. So when Warhol started off, probably those things had no value. They were sketches, early sketches of shoes. Now a good War
turity. So first let's take the inverse of this. So you and I text back and forth and we're sending each other emojis. That has a certain amount of information transfer rate as we're communicating with each other. And so in our communication with people via email and texts and whatnot, we've taken the bandwidth of human interaction, the information transfer rate, and we've reduced it. We have less social cues. We have less information to work with. There's a lot more opportunity for misunderstanding. So that is altering the conscious experience between two individuals. And if we add Brain Interfaces to the equation, let's imagine now we amplify the dimensionality of our communications. That to me is what you're talking about, which is consciousness engineering. Perhaps I understand you with dimensions. So maybe I understand your, when you look at the cup and you experience that happiness, you can tell me you're happy. And I then do theory of mine and say, I can imagine what it might be like to be Lex and feel happy about seeing this cup. B
me ways to the issue of ego that you bond your correctness or your rightness, your scientific theory with your sense of ego. You know, I've never found it that difficult to let go of theories in the face of counter evidence in part because I have such low self esteem. Well, I kind of liked that. I always liked that combination. I have the same, I'm like very self critical, imposter syndrome, all those things, putting yourself below the podium, but at the same time having the ego that drives the ambition to work your ass off. Like some kind of weird drive, maybe like drive to be better. Like thinking of yourself as not that great and always driving to be better. And then at the same time, because that can be paralyzing and exhausting and so on, at the same time, just being grateful to be alive. But in the sciences, in the actual effort, never be satisfied, never think of yourself highly. It seems to be a nice combination. I very much hope that that is part of who I am and I remain very quietly motivated and driven. And I, like you, love th
eal landscape out there, and find books that you may want to read more deeply. With Blinkist, you get unlimited access to read or listen to a massive library of condensed nonfiction books. Right now, for a limited time, Blinkist has a special offer just for our audience. Go to blinkist.com slash lex to try it free for 7 days and save 25% off your new subscription. That's blinkist.com slash lex. Blinkist spelled B L I N K I S T. This show is sponsored by ExpressVPN. Get it at expressvpn.com slash lex pod to get a discount and to support this podcast. Have you ever watched The Office? If you have, you probably know it's based on a UK series also called The Office. Not to stir up trouble, but I think the British version is actually more brilliant than the American one, but both are pretty amazing. Anyway, there are actually nine other countries with their own version of The Office. You can get access to them with no geo restrictions when you use ExpressVPN. It lets you control where you want sites to think you're located. You can choose from n
ause it's very, it's mentally taxing. Are you, when you're thinking about this stuff, are you thinking introspectively, like almost taking a step outside of yourself and trying to figure out what is your mind doing right now? I do that all the time, but that's not all I do. I'm constantly observing myself. So as soon as I started thinking about grid cells, for example, and getting into that, I started saying, oh, well, grid cells can have my place of sense in the world. That's where you know where you are. And it's interesting, we always have a sense of where we are unless we're lost. And so I started at night when I got up to go to the bathroom, I would start trying to do it completely with my eyes closed all the time. And I would test my sense of grid cells. I would walk five feet and say, okay, I think I'm here. Am I really there? What's my error? And then I would calculate my error again and see how the errors could accumulate. So even something as simple as getting up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom, I'm testing these theories
ition in the fewest words possible and without any of the music of language. So it was a turning point as well. I wonder when is the right time to appreciate the beauty of language. Like even Shakespeare. I was very much off put by Shakespeare in high school and only later I started to appreciate its value in the same way. Let me ask you a ridiculous question. Okay. I mean, because you've read Russian literature, let me ask this one last question. I might be lying. There might be a couple more, but what do you think is the meaning of this whole thing? You got a Nobel prize for looking out into the, trying to reach back into the beginning of the universe, listening to the gravitational waves, but that still doesn't answer the why. Why are we here? Beyond just the matter and anti matter, the philosophical question. The philosophical question about the meaning of life, I'm probably not really good at. I think that the individual meaning, I would say it rather simplistically is whether you've made a difference, a positive difference, I'd say 
life radically, immediately. And I said, that's it. God, I don't know how I'm going to do it, but I want to be a gazillionaire. And I don't want any picture, photo ops, this, that. I just want to go, there's a dog, there's a dog, there's a dog, there's a dog. And then I want to build veterans land for these vets who just need a nice clean place to live. So why don't we take these old army bases and Marine bases and Navy bases that have been shut down. They're just sitting there rotting away. I was in the army in Alabama. My old Fort McClellan is three quarters vacant. It's sitting there. They just did a documentary on it. It just looks like zombie land going back to zombies. So why don't we take that and renovate it and say to vets who are struggling, hey guys, you're going to live here. And they take the old army, the places where they had all the supplies, there's massive buildings where you could just retrofit it and make light manufacturing within two weeks. Give these guys jobs. There they live, there they work. They'll take care of it. Military guys, t
here's all kinds of messages going back and forth, and you're really bugged by the messages you don't like. Most people are neurotic to begin with. It's not only taken out on big business, to be clear. So Congress catches a lot of grief and some of it they deserve, yes. Religion is not attacked the same way, but religiosity is declining. If you poll people, the military still polls quite well, but people are very disillusioned with many things. And the Martin Gury thesis that because of the internet, you just see more of things. And the more you see of something, whether it's good, bad, or in between, the more you will find to complain about, I suspect is the fundamental mechanism here. I mean, look at Clubhouse, right? To me, it's a great service, may or may not be like my thing, but gives people this opportunity. No one makes you go on it. And all these media articles like, oh, is Clubhouse gonna wreck things? Are they gonna break things? New York Times is complaining. Of course, it's their competitor as well. I'm like, give these people a chance, tal
ly could be used for good, but is there something bad about that source of money? I think there's significant worries with it, where it means that the incentives of the company might be quite misaligned with making people's lives better, where again, perhaps the incentives are towards increasing drama and debate on your social media feed in order that more people are going to be engaged, perhaps compulsively involved with the platform. Whereas there are other business models like having an opt in subscription service where perhaps they have other issues, but there's much more of an incentive to provide a product that its users are just really wanting, because now I'm paying for this product. I'm paying for this thing that I want to buy rather than I'm trying to use this thing and it's going to get a profit mechanism that is somewhat orthogonal to me actually just wanting to use the product. And so, I mean, in some cases it'll work better than others. I can imagine, I can in theory imagine Facebook having a subscription service, but 
id. It's not like he's existing some other plane and there's no connection with my plane in the world here. So that will occur. It already has occurred. That's what my point of this story is. It already has occurred. We live it every day. One could argue that when we create machine intelligence that think a million times faster than us that it'll be so far we can't make the connections. But you know, at the moment, everything that seems really, really hard to figure out in the world, when you actually figure it out, it's not that hard. You know, almost everyone can understand the multiverses. Almost everyone can understand quantum physics. Almost everyone can understand these basic things, even though hardly any people could figure those things out. Yeah, but really understand. But you don't need to really. Only a few people really understand. You need to only understand the projections, the sprinkles of the useful insights from that. That was my example of Einstein, right? His general theory of relativity is one thing that very, very, very few 
nd and he says, Nels, if you don't take it, you're dead. He says, you got those three kids. I'm sorry, I have no other option. You're dead. And I said, all right, Mike, okay. And he hooked me up. And you know what, it was like, you know, if you do drink alcohol and you have like a shot or want, you know, strong type spirit and you start feeling that burn. Well, the minute he hit me in the vein, it just started going up my arm, burning and then up my shoulder, across my neck, into my head, across the rest of my body, within a minute down to my feet. And I was writhing in pain for seven days and I was praying to die. I was the seventh rescuer in six months to come down with the rarest leukemia there is. There's only 500 cases in all of North America a year. And seven of us came down in six months. Two guys died during treatment. Seven responders, police, fire. Two guys died in the first couple of days of the treatment because it's so vicious, your liver, your heart, your kidneys, something will fail. And I was praying and I was praying, but I wanted to die. I wa
time. And it's so strange and so prophetic, because he was there with them. He died with Dennis. He knew it. And like 1994, we had a training manual with a picture of the towers with a target. And this is not a matter of if, but a matter of when, be prepared. And it's haunting. It was like people knew, right? And we didn't stop it. And so we got off the bus, but just prior to that, coming over the bridge of the second tower, it's gone now. And we're just destroyed, because we're like, our guys are there. They're all in there. Now we're feeling like cowards, because we got there late. And initially, we're thinking there's 500 guys that are gone, because there was a tent alarm assignment, which means 50, 60 fire trucks, five to six guys per, you know, you're looking at. At least there was even more tent alarm, plus multiple alarms on top of it. There was a dispatch, basically equivalent of five to 600 firefighters. We figured, oh, they're all in there, all gone. All the police officers, Port Authority police, NYPD police, court officers just up the street from the courts, transit
t that I gave them my money and then it turned out to be scoundrels but it's a totally different problem when we make it mandatory. It's violence, it's a crime to put a gun to my head and force me to subsidize companies and force me to come at certain conclusions. Do you find an interesting distinction, Mr. Michael Malice, between anarchism and libertarianism? So this particular use of violence, this last resort, this policing force that libertarianism is okay with and anarchism is not okay with. So basically nation states that keep you safe from the worst of war. Yeah, I think to be more accurate, the distinction between anarchism and minarchism, I think libertarianism is kind of a vague term that can encompass both. Means a lot of things, okay. Yeah. On the Karl Marx to Michael Malice spectrum, where do you? No, no, I'm full anarchist. You're a full anarchist. Yeah, full anarchist. I mean, I don't find any justification for the use of force and I think recently perhaps, maybe I'm getting old, maybe I'm getting senile, maybe I'm getting wise, who 
 YouTube, give it five stars on Apple Podcast, support it on Patreon, or connect with me on Twitter. And now let me leave you with words from Joseph Stalin, spoken shortly before the death of Lenin and at the beginning of Stalin's rise to power. FIRST IN RUSSIAN  ,   ,       .     ,       . I consider it completely unimportant who in the party will vote or how, but what is extraordinarily important is who will count the votes and how. Thank you for listening and hope to see you next time. he would otherwise have had by himself. That ruse only worked through the time that Medvedev was temporarily president for a few years because of the Constitution, Putin couldn't do three consecutive terms and stepped aside in what they call castling in chess. When this was over, Putin had difficulty with his popularity. There were mass protests in the urban areas, precisely that group of the population that he had been able to win in part because of the Medvedev castling and now had had their delusions exposed and were disillusioned, and there we
ted with our government with some sort of agenda would perpetrate that crime and that tragic just destruction of humanity and property for some other form of gain. Those planes rammed into those buildings at 450 miles an hour. They were loaded with thousands and thousands of gallons of jet fuel. Number seven trade center had the backup for the emergency management system for the city. And it was an emergency generator in that complex which had a 25,000 gallon tank of diesel fuel to continually run for weeks to keep the 911 system, the backup system going in the case of a catastrophic event. Well, that tank in seven heated up from the fire that was already going on from the aircraft debris coming into the building. So once that diesel became ignited in seven, now you had enough temperature to fail that steel in that building. So I would like to truly believe what I've learned from the minimal fire science knowledge I have from my career, that it was just a matter of, it burned too long, it burned too hot and it failed. I mean, if you loo
where I sit today, from what I know, it's not super early days anymore. We are, the way these things go is it's not a linear path, right? You don't just start accumulating and get better and better and better. No, all this stuff you've collected, none of it makes sense. All these different things are just sort of around. And then you're gonna have some breaking points where all of a sudden, oh my God, now we got it right. That's how it goes in science. And I personally feel like we passed that little thing about a couple of years ago, all that big thing a couple of years ago. So we can talk about that. Time will tell if I'm right, but I feel very confident about it. That's why I'm willing to say it on tape like this. At least very optimistic. So let's, before those few years ago, let's take a step back to HTM, the hierarchical temporal memory theory, which you first proposed on intelligence and went through a few different generations. Can you describe what it is, how it evolved through the three generations since you first put it on paper? Yeah, so
s gonna be higher. And so that ability to think for the future is enhanced by our ability to provide for the future. And we do that with durable goods. But then money ends up being the best mechanism for providing for the future, because the future is uncertain. So you can save your apples and oranges. You can save the spears. You can save the animal that you hunted. But these things, first they rot. They're not very good at holding onto their value over time. But even if they were, even if you have objects that are durable, the problem with them is that you don't know if you need them tomorrow or next month or next year. You're not sure if you're going to be needing them. And you might end up not needing them. And you might end up not finding anybody who needs them or finding somebody who needs them, but doesn't value them much and won't give you much in exchange. Money allows you the optionality of saving the most liquid good, the most saleable good. So it's something that you can sell tomorrow with the least uncertainty. It has the m
an Harbinger Show and Cash App. Please consider supporting the podcast by going to jordanharbinger.com slash lex and subscribing to it everywhere after that and downloading Cash App and using code lexpodcast. Click on the links, buy all of the stuff. It really is the best way to support this podcast. This is the Artificial Intelligence Podcast. I recently considered renaming this podcast but decided against it. AI is my passion, and in some sense, this podcast is not as much about AI but more about a journey of an AI researcher struggling to explore the human mind, the physics of our universe, and the nature of human behavior, intelligence, consciousness, love, and power. I will continue to return home to the technical, computer science, machine learning, engineering, math, programming, but also venture out to talk to people who had a big impact on my life outside the technical fields. Writers like Steven Pressfield and Stephen King, musicians like Tom Waits, political leaders like, well, you know who, and even athletes. I hope you join m
he doctor, the charge physician, the ER physician, he says, you're not leaving, you're in a bad way. And I said, what is it? He said, I need a little while to figure it out, he goes, but you probably have one of a few different types of leukemia, he said, I'll drill into your hip, take your marrow and find out. And he said, but in the meantime, we'll get the swelling on the spleen down, I guess some sort of rapid medicines and whatnot because my spleen is about to rupture. I had no blood platelets left which is your clotter so I basically would have bled to death and I found out from my team of doctors that I had about 48 hours to live and that really set me off, I was infuriated because I was telling them for a long time that I was sick. The doctors failed you, the few doctors in the beginning failed you. I felt very betrayed and other guys had died and I had it out with that one doctor, I basically told her she was fired from my case and she's pretty politically in charge person and I didn't care, I jeopardized my job for it because it was
liberate way rather than an unthoughtful way. I still think that mother nature through it, the 3.6 million years of evolution has probably got it mostly figured out in terms of what information should be uploaded at night and worked through. I think her algorithm is probably pretty good at this stage. It's not to suggest though, that we can't try to tweak it and nudge it. It's a very light hand on the tiller is what he's doing. I don't think there's anything wrong with that. Just like, for example, for me, fasting has improved my ability to focus deeply and productivity significantly. And in that same way, it's possible that playing with these ideas of thinking before bed or some hours before bed or some playing with different protocols will have a significant leap over what mother nature naturally does. So if you let your body do what it naturally does, you may not achieve the same level of performance because mother nature has not designed us to think deeply about chip design or programming artificial intelligence systems. Well, she's
 speculative. And so he went back to his drawing board in Rome where he was, added some to it, made it even longer, because it's really a classic article, and then published it in the local Italian journal for physics and the German one. At the same time, in January of 1932, Giulio and Curie, for the first time, saw artificial radioactivity. This was an important discovery because radioactivity had been discovered much earlier. They had x rays and you shouldn't be using them, but there was radioactivity. People knew it was useful for medicine. But radioactive materials are hard to find, and so it wasn't prevalent. But if you could make them, they had great use. And Giulio and Curie were able to bombard aluminum or something with alpha particles and find that they excited something that decayed and had some half life and so forth, meaning it was artificial version, or let's call it not a natural version, an induced version of radioactive materials. And Fermi somehow had the insight, and I still can't see where he got it, that the right way to 
a lot of recent articles and reports and so on about UFOs, like the Tic Tac aircraft. I keep seeing a lot of chatter about it, but I haven't gone deep into it. So the DOD released footage filmed by pilots, and there's a lot of reports about objects that moved in ways they haven't seen before that seem to defy the laws of physics if we consider the aircraft that we have today. So the reason I asked you that is because it kind of, to me, whatever the heck it is, it's inspiring for the possibilities of ideas for propulsion. If it's like secret projects from foreign nations or it's physical phenomena that we don't yet understand, like ball lightning, all those kinds of things, or if it is aliens or objects from an alien civilization. I most likely believe if it's an object from an alien civilization, it's got to be like a really dumb drone that just got lost. It's definitely not like the pinnacle of intelligence. It's like some teenager's science fair experiment. Yeah, it just flew for a few centuries out and just landed, and then we humans are
e Bitcoin space of just a very rigorous systematic explanation of why Bitcoin, what is it, why should it be, why is it good? So you're describing in that book and in the new book, different implementations of the technology of money. In the new book, you talk about fiat money, which is another way to do money. So obviously, there's a lot of different ways to do money. And maybe you haven't discovered the best way to do money, yet our conversation today is how to do money better. Maybe we'll go back to bananas eventually, right? Very good reasons why we won't. Well, we can disagree. We can agree to disagree on this. I'm open minded to the bananas. One of the biggest source of joy to me when I first came to this country is eating bananas. And so maybe money, happiness, perishable happiness will eventually become the best medium of exchange. I don't know, open minded. Anyway, so you mentioned hard money and soft money. So there's different ways to do money. What is hard money? What is soft money? In the Bitcoin standard, I present the argument that mo
out his work. Because all this kind of work, this kind of outrage mob culture of sort of demanding equality of outcome, that's not Marxism. It is not Marxism. He didn't say that. You know, he literally said each, what was it like, each according to their needs and each according to their abilities or something like that. So the question is the implementation, like, humans are messy. So how does it go wrong? Like, it is, there you go, Lex. Brilliant. It's messy. And this gets back to my rant about the book that I want to try if I don't stroke out, why left and right are both beside the point. You know, the people, the conservatives are right when they condemn liberals for being simple minded. By assuming that a modification of external conditions will yield changes in human nature. You know, again, that's where Marx and Skinner are odd bedfellows. You know, here they are just saying, oh, let's change the surroundings and things will inevitably get better. On the other hand, when conservatives say that people are innately selfish and they use that as
n the Earth experiment, this fun little experiment we're on, over and over and over and over a million times and watch the evolution of life as it pans out, how much variation in the outcomes of that evolution do you think we would see? Now, we should say that you are a computer scientist. That's actually not such a bad question for a computer scientist, because we are building simulations of these things, and we are simulating evolution, and that's a difficult question to answer in biology, but we can build a computational model and run it million times and actually answer that question. How much variation do we see when we simulate it? And that's a little bit beyond what we can do today, but I think that we will see some regularities, and it took evolution also a really long time to get started, and then things accelerated really fast towards the end. But there are things that need to be discovered, and they probably will be over and over again, like manipulation of objects, opposable thumbs, and also some way to communicate, maybe
he learning, induction, prediction part, which essentially I explained already before. So what we need for any agent to act well is that it can somehow predict what happens. I mean, if you have no idea what your actions do, how can you decide which actions are good or not? So you need to have some model of what your actions effect. So what you do is you have some experience, you build models like scientists of your experience, then you hope these models are roughly correct, and then you use these models for prediction. And the model is, sorry to interrupt, and the model is based on your perception of the world, how your actions will affect that world. That's not... So how do you think about a model? That's not the important part, but it is technically important, but at this stage we can just think about predicting, let's say, stock market data, weather data, or IQ sequences, one, two, three, four, five, what comes next, yeah? So of course our actions affect what we're doing, but I'll come back to that in a second. So, and I'll keep just interrupting. So
terials that are very stiff. So space itself is very stiff. So when gravitational waves come through it, luckily for us, it doesn't distort it so much that it affects our ordinary life very much. No, I mean, that's great. That's great. I thought there was something bad coming. No, this is great. That's great news. So I mean, that, I mean, perhaps we evolved as life on Earth to be such that for us, this particular set of effects of gravitational waves is not that significant. Maybe that's why. It is. You probably used this effect today or yesterday. Did what? So it's pervasive. Well, because... You mean gravity or the way, or external? Because I only... Curvature of space and time. Curvature of space. How? I only care, a person is a human, right? The gravity of Earth. But you use it every day, almost. Oh, it's curving. Uh huh. No, no, no. No, no, no. It's in this thing. Every time it tells you where you are, how does it tell you where you are? It tells you where you are because we have 24 satellites or some number that are going around in space and it asks how long it tak
press it very well. So the information content should be low and you know, it is low according to this definition. So it's the length of the shortest program that summarizes the data? Yes. And what's your sense of our sort of universe when we think about the different objects in our universe that we try, concepts or whatever at every level, do they have higher or low Kolmogorov complexity? So what's the hope? Do we have a lot of hope and be able to summarize much of our world? That's a tricky and difficult question. So as I said before, I believe that the whole universe based on the evidence we have is very simple. So it has a very short description. Sorry, to linger on that, the whole universe, what does that mean? You mean at the very basic fundamental level in order to create the universe? Yes, yeah. So you need a very short program and you run it. To get the thing going. To get the thing going and then it will reproduce our universe. There's a problem with noise. We can come back to that later possibly. Is noise a problem or is it a bu
w the judge is in that book is he would study everything everywhere he went. And so he's collected this group of nary do wells from all over to go on these hunts against certain tribes in the Southwest and getting paid by the US government, the Mexican government. So he's on these Indian hunts and yet they're going to all these different places and they would stay the night in a cave somewhere and he would find cave paintings, he would write them all down, or he would find old pieces. There's an example of him, the narrator, explaining how watching the judge and how he drawing, I mean, he's got this notebook just full of things, drawings and writings, and how he found like a piece of armor from a conquistador or something way back in the day, Spanish armor, and he draws it into his book and then crushes it. And so the reason we'll always have war in this society is because there's this struggle amongst people that want to be the designers. There's that, but I'm just saying that he's got this whole quote on war, like war is play, war is a
be for the creation of intelligent agents, we have to be creating fundamentally social systems. Yes, I strongly believe that's true. I've gotten a chance in the autonomous vehicle space to watch vehicles interact with pedestrians or pedestrians interacting with vehicles in general. I mean, you would think that there's a very complicated theory of mind thing going on, but I have a sense, it's not well understood yet, but I have a sense it's pretty dumb. Like it's pretty simple. There's a social contract there between humans, a human driver and a human crossing the road where the human crossing the road trusts that the human in the car is not going to murder them. And there's something about, again, back to that mortality thing. There's some dance of ethics and morality that's built in, that you're mapping your own morality onto the person in the car. And even if they're driving at a speed where you think if they don't stop, they're going to kill you, you trust that if you step in front of them, they're going to hit the brakes. And there's that wei
y Bitcoin, and invest in the stock market with as little as $1. Broker services are provided by Cash App Investing, a subsidiary of Square, a member SIPC. Since Cash App allows you to send and receive money digitally, peer to peer, and security in all digital transactions is very important. Let me mention the PCI data security standard that Cash App is compliant with. I'm a big fan of standards for safety and security. PCI DSS is a good example of that, where a bunch of competitors got together and agreed that there needs to be a global standard around the security of transactions. Now, we just need to do the same for autonomous vehicles and AI systems in general. So again, if you get Cash App from the App Store or Google Play and use the code LEX PODCAST, you'll get $10. And Cash App will also donate $10 to FIRST, one of my favorite organizations that is helping to advance robotics and STEM education for young people around the world. And now, here's my conversation with Markus Hutter. Do you think of the universe as a computer or maybe an
evout Catholic woman. And all of a sudden I see her and she's smiling and we used to talk a lot, it's the Irish thing, like the gab, the gift of gab. And she used to call me her boyfriend because we'd sit and talk for hours and talk about books and about movies and about food. I loved her, she was my friend. And she'd say, you know, my boyfriend's here. And all of a sudden she's smiling and she goes, hi, my boyfriend. And I says, Nan, Nan, what are you doing? She goes, he's not ready, he doesn't want you. You gotta go back, you got things to do. And I'm like, no, Nan, Nan, it hurts so much. Please, please take me and she left. She goes, no, no, not yet, I'll see you. And she just faded away. And one of my doctors on my team, she had a problem with religion. And that's okay, I understand that. I'm not a preacher, I have a faith, but I don't preach it, I don't push it. I just live and let live. So she sent in this shrink to see me. And I was messed up from the chemo, but I knew what I was seeing, I knew what I was saying. And he was a Jewish gentleman. He was a rabbi also i
I love you, keep low. My dad couldn't tell me he loved me until I told him when I first got on a fire upon when I was 22 and my dad grew up in a tough household. My granddad was a good man, but a tormented man. He was sent away from home at 12 years old. He was from Denmark and I'm named after him, Grandpa Nils. And I think his demons took up a large part of his life. His anger, whatever it was, his fear. We got the sense that maybe when he was a child, he was an apprentice baker, living with strangers, working for them. And we think maybe he was abused and that's why he took it out on my dad and my grandma and my aunts. But they made it up to each other at the end of my granddad's life. My granddad turned out to be the best grandfather ever. I think he tried to heal and heal everyone by his change of behavior. So he's proof that you can change, you can improve if you work on it. But I know I'm going off track here, but. But you were man enough in your, you say in your 20s to tell your dad. To my dad, yeah. And my dad, I got on a job. He said, how'd it
, that it just changes you and you can never say it, never look at the world or look at anything the same way again. And when that happens at scale, it's thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds. That changes entire societies. I mean, that's what we've seen. At least it, but the problem is it doesn't change the politicians back home. Right. How important is mortality, finiteness, the fact that this thing ends to the creative process? So, killing and war really emphasizes that, but in general, the fact that this thing ends. It does? It does, and uh. Shit. And on a serious note, do you think about your own mortality? Do you meditate on your own mortality when you think about the work you do? That's another great question, Lex. I actually, I'm 75, and I just was having, I had breakfast in New York a few months ago with a friend of mine who's like my exact same age. And I said to him, I said, Nick, do you ever think about mortality? And he said, every fucking minute of every day. And I was kind of relieved to hear that because I do too. But actually, I always have
our intuition why sparsity leads to robustness? Because it feels like it would be less robust. Why would you feel the rest robust to you? So it just feels like if the fewer neurons are involved, the more fragile the representation. But I didn't say there was lots of few neurons. I said, let's say 200. That's a lot. There's still a lot, it's just. So here's an intuition for it. This is a bit technical, so for engineers, machine learning people, this will be easy, but all the listeners, maybe not. If you're trying to classify something, you're trying to divide some very high dimensional space into different pieces, A and B. And you're trying to create some point where you say, all these points in this high dimensional space are A, and all these points in this high dimensional space are B. And if you have points that are close to that line, it's not very robust. It works for all the points you know about, but it's not very robust, because you can just move a little bit and you've crossed over the line. When you have sparse representations, imagine I pick, I
n though I had read Russian novels, I was 15, I think, cured me from being a novelist. Destroyed your dream? Yes. Cured you. Okay. What was the book? Moby Dick. Okay. So, why Moby Dick? Yeah, why? So, I've read it since, and it's a great novel. Maybe it's as good as the Russian novels. I've never made it through. It was too boring. It was too long. Okay. Your words are gonna mesh with what I say. Excellent. And you may have the same problem at older ages. That's why I'm not a writer. It may be. So, the problem is, Moby Dick is... What I remember was there was a chapter that was maybe 100 pages long, all describing this, why there was Ahab and the white whale, and it was the battle between Ahab with his wooden peg leg and the white whale. And there was a chapter that was 100 pages long in my memory, I don't know how long it really was, that described in detail, though, great white whale and what he was doing and what his fins were like and this and that. And it was so incredibly boring, the word you used, that I thought, if this is great literature, screw it. Fascinating
er thing um you know I think building companies is one thing but I feel like it's really important that we build companies that move the world forward for example within the AI Fund team there was once an idea for a new company that if it had succeeded would have resulted in people watching a lot more videos in a certain narrow vertical type of video um I looked at it the business case was fine the revenue case was fine but I looked and just said I don't want to do this like you know I don't actually just want to have a lot more people watch this type of video wasn't educational it's an educational baby and so and so I I I I code the idea on the basis that I didn't think it would actually help people so um whether building companies or working enterprises or doing personal projects I think um it's up to each of us to figure out what's the difference we want to make in the world With landing AI you help already established companies grow their AI and machine learning efforts how does a large company integrate machine 
y of the day a year later too. And so it really was kind of several years before then I was also kind of giving more talks and starting to do more writing and then especially with, you know, I wrote this book Doing Good Better that then there started to be kind of attention and so on. But deep inside your own relationship with effective altruism was, I mean, it had nothing to do with the publicity. Did you see yourself? How did the publicity connect with it? Yeah, I mean, that's kind of what I'm saying is I think the publicity came like several years afterwards. I mean, at the early stage when we set up Giving What We Can, it was really just every person we get to pledge 10% is, you know, something like $100,000 over their lifetime. That's huge. And so it was just we had started with 23 members, every single person was just this like kind of huge accomplishment. And at the time, I just really thought, you know, maybe over time we'll have a hundred members and that'll be like amazing. Whereas now we have, you know, over four thousand and one and a half 
he table for what you needed to do to do it. At the same time, in the same year, Schwarzschild, not Einstein, said there were things called black holes. So it's interesting that that came the same. So what year was that? 1915. It was in parallel... Well, I should probably know this, but did Einstein not have an intuition that there should be such things as black holes? That came from Schwarzschild. Oh, interesting. Yeah. So Schwarzschild, who was a German theoretical physicist, he got killed in the war, I think, in the First World War, two years later or so. He's the one that proposed black holes, that there were black holes. That feels like a natural conclusion of general relativity, no? Or is that not? Well, it may seem like it, but I don't know about a natural conclusion. It's a result of curved space time though. Right. But it's such a weird result that you might have to... It's a special... Yeah, it's a special case. Yeah. So I don't know. Anyway, Einstein then, an interesting part of the story is that Einstein then left the problem. Most physicists, because it re
f you, similarly, if you ask what are some of the fastest things that people can do? Well, they can play video games, they can play the piano very fast if they're skilled at it. And again, you get to similar units or how fast can people talk? You get to similar, you know, within a couple of orders of magnitude, you get more or less to the same idea. So that's how you can say that there's billions of meaningful, there's room for billions of meaningful thoughts. I won't argue for exactly two billion versus 1.8 billion. It's not that kind of question, but I think any estimate that's reasonable will come out within, say, 100 billion and 100 million. So it's a lot. It would be interesting to map out for an individual human being the landscape of thoughts that they've sort of traveled. If you think of thoughts as a set of trajectories, what that landscape looks like. I mean, I've been recently really thinking about this Richard Dawkins idea of memes and just all this ideas and the evolution of ideas inside of one particular human mind and how they're then ch
So that's an interesting medium. I wouldn't have, it's funny because I wouldn't have done it the way he's doing it. I wouldn't advise him to do it the way he's doing it. Cause I thought there's no way you could do what you're doing. Cause it's a lot of work, but he is like doing an incredible job of it. I just think it's the same with like Dan Carlin and hardcore history. I thought that the way Andrew's doing it would crush him the way it crushes Dan Carlin. So Dan has so much pressure on him to do a good job that he ends up publishing like two episodes a year. So that pressure can be paralyzing. The pressure of like putting out like strong scientific statements that can be overwhelming. Now, Andrew seems to be just plowing through anyway. If there's mistakes, he'll say there's corrections and so on. I just, I wonder, I actually haven't talked to him too much about it. Like psychologically, how difficult is it to put yourself out there for an hour to a week of just nonstop dropping knowledge. Any one sentence of which could be totally wrong. It c
teresting. I mean, that's not really done that effectively or throughout the history of machine learning has not been done. Usually there's a fixed architecture. Maybe there's a few components you're playing with, but to grow a neural network, essentially, the way you grow an organism is really fascinating space. How hard is it, do you think, to grow a neural network? And maybe what kind of neural networks are more amenable to this kind of idea than others? I've seen quite a bit of work on recurrent neural networks. Is there some architectures that are friendlier than others? And is this just a fun, small scale set of experiments or do you have hope that we can be able to grow powerful neural networks? I think we can. And most of the work up to now is taking architectures that already exist that humans have designed and try to optimize them further. And you can totally do that. A few years ago, we did an experiment. We took a winner of the image captioning competition and the architecture and just broke it into pieces and took the pie
u to be able to do is say, okay, now I understand more about the, previously these would be known unknowns and these were the unknown unknowns. And now I am slightly more cognizant. I have more knowns than I had before regarding my sleep and my health, knowing that information, do I still choose to make this decision? And if that's what I offered, then I think I've done my job. That's all I want to offer is just added information into the decision algorithm. And what you end up choosing as an output of that algorithm has nothing to do with me. It's not my business and I will never judge anyone for it. And as I said, I'm immensely grateful for people who have sacrificed much in their lives to give me what I have. So you're saying as long as the sacrifice sort of grounded in knowledge of what the sacrifice is, that sleep is important, all those kinds of things. And that you're comfortable with it. That is, it is your conscious choice rather than feeling as though you're trapped or that you are just, you haven't thought about it. And you star
it's a severely battle wounded, they give them a smart home because these poor guys come home with no limbs. And so the beauty of Steven and his selfless act was that he's now helped thousands and thousands of people. I mean, the Tunnel to Towers is incredible. That's part of our mission is to bring awareness to these great people at Tunnel to Towers, what they do. They've raised $250 million to help protect the protectors, to rescue the rescuers in a what's become, unfortunately, a somewhat ungrateful society. But they will not forget these great guys. So you tell Steven's story. He's one of the 20 people that you talk about in the new Iron Labs 20 for 20 podcast series. If you can just linger on his story a little longer, what does that tell you about the human spirit? That this guy, the Tunnel couldn't drive through, so he just puts on that heavy pack and runs. What do you make of that? That shows the depth of a man's soul. He didn't have to do that. He could have turned around and went home to his family, and nobody would have shamed him. But he's o
the self as artists or scientists opening ourselves up to the cosmic dimension, to the other forces, the ego is tremendously threatened by that. Because if we're in that space, that head space, we don't need the ego anymore. So I think resistance is a voice of the ego trying to keep control of us. In a way, I'll give you a bad example, Trump is the ego. That's probably a very good example, right? Yeah. It's a zero sum world for him, and for anybody that's in that. And the opposite of that would be somebody like Martin Luther King or Gandhi. Gandhi, yep. And that's, of course, why they all wind up getting assassinated. Because that voice, that ego, is hanging on to itself and feels so threatened by, I could talk more about this if you want to. No, for sure, that's fascinating. It's just, it's interesting why the fear is attached to the ego. I really like this dichotomy of ego and self and that struggle. It's just, ego has a, the self obsession of it. Why fear is such a predominant thing? Why is resistance trying to undermine everything? It's fear, it's out of
ing, devastating impact on the world economy. You're going to have central banks bidding up the price of essential commodities that people need for real uses in order to back their currencies with them, and then just incentivizing the producers to make more and more and more of it, and then bringing the price back down. So it's going to be a very expensive mistake where we raise the price of copper, destroy a lot of industries dependent on copper, and it's not just copper, but also food, and then increase the supply beyond what we need. And the end result is copper miners make out well, governments go broke, and we end up with a lot of rust in copper in government warehouses. That's why I don't think it works to use commodities that are not monetary commodities. Then the question is maybe gold. Can we go back on another gold standard? And I mean, Russia seems to have done that. I'm not so sure. It's very difficult to get reliable information. I'm trying to look into this more, but they seem to have said that they're fixing the price of go
kyo in the 90s that had they what they believed was that Armageddon was coming if you died before Armageddon, you would get good karma. You wouldn't go to hell if you died during Armageddon. Maybe you would go to hell and they had a biological weapons program chemical weapons program when they were finally apprehended. They hadn't stocks of southern gas that were sufficient to kill 4 million people engaged in multiple terrorist acts. If they had had the ability to print a virus at home, that would have been very scary. So it's not impossible to imagine groups of people that hold that kind of belief of death as suicide as a good thing for passage into the next world and so on and then connect them with some weapons then ideology and weaponry may create serious problems for us. Let me ask you a quick question on what do you think is the line between killing most humans and killing all humans? How hard is it to kill everybody? Yeah, have you thought about this? I've thought about it a bit. I think it is very hard to kill everybody. 
 the ability to establish laws, and all the laws that we establish are just models that get people published and get them on the media to say, my model says we need to print more money, but it's never subject to actual scientific scrutiny. If it were, they would all be rejected in 15 minutes because the world is full of examples that contradict them. Was it possible to do scientific scrutiny when it's human nature when you can't, when there's a nearly infinite number of variables and you can't control them? Is it possible, so what's the best thing you could possibly do? You do thought experiments. But the problem with thought experiments, Freud thinks everybody wants to have sex with their mother. Is he right? That's the problem with Freud. I don't know, maybe he's right. Well, obviously I'm joking on that front, but the... Freud is probably under the canes. Well, no, I think there's power to the thought experiment. Just like Einstein, a lot of general relativity, special relativity, that's a thought experiment. It originates in a thought experiment. No
iated with a cat to like, what is a cat in the visual space? In the three dimensional visual spaces projected on an image, on a two dimensional image, what is a cat? Those are like fundamentally philosophical questions that we humans don't know the answer to, like linguistically. But when we look at a picture of a cat and a dog, we can usually tell pretty damn well what's the difference. And I don't know what that is because you can't reduce that to pointy ears or non pointy ears, furry or not furry, something about the eyes. It's been a long standing issue in cognitive science, cognitive neuroscience too, is how does the brain create an archetype? How does it create schemas that have general applicability, but yet still obtain specificity? That's a very difficult challenge. I mean, we can do it, we do it. It's rather bloody amazing. And it seems like part of the toolbox is this controlled hallucination, which is dreams. Well, it's a relaxing of the rigid constraints. I often think of dreaming as, it's from an information processing standpoint, 
 us a lot of information about the effects of the way we behave and navigate the digital world to the actual physical meat space effects on our body. It's interesting to think, so in terms of both like for work, I'm a big fan of Cal Newport, his ideas of deep work that I spend, with few exceptions, optimal kind of sleep combined with diet and all those kinds of things. I mean, that all maps the sort of data, at least the truth, exactly what you're referring to. Here's a data point for your consideration. Yes. The progress in biology over the past, say decade, has been stunning. Yes. And it now appears as if we will be able to replace our organs, zero X for a transplantation. And so we probably have a path to replace and regenerate every organ of your body, except for your brain. You can lose your hand and your arm and a leg. You can have an artificial heart. You can't operate without your brain. And so when you make that trade off decision of whether you're going to sleep under the desk or not and go all out for a four day marathon, right? 
d wrestling is just part of that story. Is that somewhere in there? Does that resonate deeply with who you are? It was a formative thing for me growing up there for sure. It's just a, uh, you know, uh, uh, or at least used to be a very orderly place, high social capital, very minimal class differences. So like you'd have some people who would drive a Cadillac instead of a Chevy, but, uh, that was it. That was, you know, those were the rich people, right? So, um, and a college town is always a different environment like, uh, you know, Austin, uh, has some of this, um, so it was a pretty kind of utopian, uh, other than the weather and a few other things, uh, environment to, to grow up in the, the martial art I ended up doing is sword stuff, which is interesting because it uses a different feedback loop. So when you're, if you're grappling, everything is through sense of touch and your sense of touch is very old and simple, right? Like earthworms don't have, don't even have eyes, but they can tell when they're being touched, right? So it's very fast. Um, and uh, with
cause of inflation. And so governments are always looking for excuses for why you should not be using those things. And so they promote all kinds of stupid pseudosciences that tell you about why these things are bad. But really, you know, all technology is... Well, not all, but the vast majority of technological innovations involve economizing on human time and judgment and replacing it with machines, with reliable machines that spend a lot of energy. So that's what a telephone does. Instead of having to send somebody across the world to tell somebody something else or send a letter, a telephone allows you to do it. The car is like that. You could walk, but a car consumes a lot more energy, but it allows you to travel much faster and safer and more reliably. An airplane is like that. Modern telecommunication, human prosperity is an increase in the consumption of energy. And I think it is an absolutely criminal thing. I mean, genuinely mean the word criminal to portray energy consumption as a bad thing, because it is truly depriving pe
rks, ideas of training model on data and these simple computational units, artificial neurons that with backpropagation, statistical ways of being able to generalize from the training set onto data that's similar to that training set. So where do you think are the limitations of those approaches? What do you think are its strengths relative to your major efforts of constructing a theory of human intelligence? Well, I'm not an expert in this field. I'm somewhat knowledgeable. So, but I'm not. Some of it is in just your intuition. What are your? Well, I have a little bit more than intuition, but I just want to say like, you know, one of the things that you asked me, do I spend all my time thinking about neuroscience? I do. That's to the exclusion of thinking about things like convolutional neural networks. But I try to stay current. So look, I think it's great, the progress they've made. It's fantastic. And as I mentioned earlier, it's very highly useful for many things. The models that we have today are actually derived from a lot of neuroscience
till, to some degree, boil down to a killer app, a content question? Like you said, it's kind of a wide open space. Nobody knows exactly what's going to be the compelling thing. So doesn't a super compelling experience of some sort alleviate some of the need for engineering perfection? Well, there's a base layer of engineering that you have to have no matter what, but you're certainly right that people, like in the early days of video games, put up with kind of low frame rate and what we would now call crappy graphics because they were having so much fun playing Doom or whatever. Even Tetris. Yeah, yeah. So for sure that's true. And so I was working on consumer facing content, there was a great team in Wellington, New Zealand that made a game called Dr. Groydbrod's Invaders that realized the potential of AR gaming in a way that I don't think anything else has before or since. And so that was definitely the strategy until, what, April 2020, which is when the company decided to pivot to commercial industrial applications instead. And I haven't seen
g, their personal life, there's their psychology, their physiology, everything, it's a giant mess. So the question is about life. Healthy now means longevity, quality of life over a prolonged period of time, optimum performance over a prolonged period of time. But to me, beauty is reaching great heights. And there's a dance there that sometimes reaching great heights requires sacrifice of health and not like a calculation where you sat down on a sheet of paper and say, I'm going to take seven years off my life for an Olympic gold medal. No, it requires more chaotic journey that doesn't do that kind of calculus. And I just want to kind of speak to the, in the culture that struggles of what is healthy and not, we want to be able to speak to what is healthy and at the same time be inspired by the great heights that humans reach no matter how healthy or unhealthy they live. Yeah, I agree with that. I think if that's a flag you're hoisting, I will definitely salute it because it really depends, what are you trying to optimize for in your life? 
interesting parameter. There's nothing really problematic about it, but it's very interesting. So for instance, you think, no, let's let the parameter M tend to infinity, right? You want an agent which lives forever, right? If you do it normally, you have two problems. First, the mathematics breaks down because you have an infinite reward sum, which may give infinity, and getting reward 0.1 every time step is infinity, and giving reward one every time step is infinity, so equally good. Not really what we want. Other problem is that if you have an infinite life, you can be lazy for as long as you want for 10 years and then catch up with the same expected reward. And think about yourself or maybe some friends or so. If they knew they lived forever, why work hard now? Just enjoy your life and then catch up later. So that's another problem with infinite horizon. And you mentioned, yes, we can go to discounting, but then the standard discounting is so called geometric discounting. So a dollar today is about worth as much as $1.05 tomorrow. So if you do the s
a difference from one individual to the next, and it's controlled by a set of liver enzymes called cytochrome P450 enzymes. And there is a particular gene that if you have a different sort of version of this gene, it's called CYP1A2. That gene will determine the speed of the clearance of caffeine from your system. Some people will have a version of that gene that is very effective and efficient at clearing that caffeine. And so their half life could be as short as two hours rather than five to six hours. Other people, hands up Matt Walker, have a version of that gene that is not very effective at clearing out the caffeine. And therefore their half life sort of sensitivity could be somewhere between eight to nine hours. So we understand that there are individual differences, but overall, I guess the top line here is drink coffee and understand that it's not the caffeine, it's the coffee that's the benefit and the dose makes the poison. Is there some aspect to it that it's like a muscle in terms of all the combination of letters and num
 we eliminated them in just the same way as homo sapiens eradicated the Neanderthals. In fact, it in fact killed off most large animals on the planet that walk the planet. So that's kind of one set of worries. I think that's not my I think these shouldn't be dismissed as science fiction. I think it's something we should be taking very seriously, but it's not the thing you visualize when you're concerned about the biggest near term. Yeah, I think it's I think it's like one possible scenario that would be astronomically bad. I think that other scenarios that would also be extremely bad comparably bad that are more likely to occur. So one is just we are able to control AI. So we're able to get it to do what we want it to do. And perhaps there's not like this fast takeoff of AI capabilities within a single system. It's distributed across many systems that do somewhat different things, but you do get very rapid economic and technological progress as a result that concentrates power into the hands of a very small number of individuals, perh
lid question why? And there are two answers to that. You can just accept it. That is the principle of science and we use this principle and it seems to be successful. We don't know why, but it just happens to be. Or you can try, find another principle which explains Occam's razor. And if we start with the assumption that the world is governed by simple rules, then there's a bias towards simplicity and applying Occam's razor is the mechanism to finding these rules. And actually in a more quantitative sense, and we come back to that later in terms of somnolent reduction, you can rigorously prove that. You can assume that the world is simple, then Occam's razor is the best you can do in a certain sense. So I apologize for the romanticized question, but why do you think, outside of its effectiveness, why do you think we find simplicity so appealing as human beings? Why does E equals MC squared seem so beautiful to us humans? I guess mostly, in general, many things can be explained by an evolutionary argument. And there's some artifacts in hu
are cross the line with this other side, and the other side says the same thing. I think then you can kind of reach across that thing and say, okay, we'll stay here, you stay here. We'll mingle in cultural ways and we'll have interchange, you know, winter marriage, da, da, da, da, da, da. But as soon as one side has no power, as the Jewish people have had no power throughout the diaspora forever, right? Then it's just a human nature. You can see it in Trump and what he does to any vulnerable minority, right? And he's not alone. I'm not blaming him alone. That's human nature. So I do think that that idea of like, fuck you, if you cross the line, we'll kill you, is really a good way, is a good place to start from. Because now you can sit down on opposite sides of the table and say, you know, what do we have in common? How can we, we want to raise our children. You want to raise your children. How can we do this in a way that we're not hurting each other? So you kind of said that you need to arrive at a balance, some kind of balance of power. Yeah. But you hav
en to your conversation, understand what you're saying, understand what you're not missing, and give you that information. But another step is to actually go inside your brain. And there are some prototypes where you can connect your brain. They actually don't have the amount of bandwidth that we need. They can work, but they work fairly slowly. So if it actually would connect to your neocortex, and the neocortex, which I describe in How to Create a Mind, the neocortex is actually, it has different levels, and as you go up the levels, it's kind of like a pyramid. The top level is fairly small, and that's the level where you wanna connect these brain extenders. And so I believe that will happen in the 2030s. So just the way this is greatly amplified by being connected to the cloud, we can connect our own brain to the cloud, and just do what we can do by using this machine. Do you think it would look like the brain computer interface of like Neuralink? So would it be? Well, Neuralink, it's an attempt to do that. It doesn't have the bandwidth that w
ven by purpose, revenge, but also by like really pure motivations. He wants his money, he was betrayed and he wants his cash because this is what he agreed to do the thing for and this is, which also is part of the reason why I like No Country for Old Men so much, which I felt was a great movie, even better book, but I remember talking to my friend and I go, you know, Anton Chigurh is the most pure human being in that whole book. Well, that guy's the villain. I go, ha ha, is he evil? He's the one, he lies to no one. He does everything he says he will do. He always follows his word and on the rare occasion, he allows fate to make a decision as he figures like, well, whatever all led us to here will lead us one way or the other and if we're at this crossroads, what, how is there any better or worse way than to do it over a coin flip? And so that whole scene where the guy's going, well, what am I putting up? And he goes, everything, you've been putting it up every day of your life and that's true. Everything we do is a decision, is a calling, is a ch
of stances and, and, uh, basic reactions that you try to learn that are thought to be defensible, um, and, and safe or safer. And so it tends to be a series of short engagements where you'll, you'll close in, you'll try out your, your idea and it works or it doesn't, then you, you back off again. It's interesting to think about like human history because martial arts, okay, that's a thing. But in terms of sword fighting, just the full range of humans that existed who mastered sword fighting or sought the mastery of sword fighting, just to imagine the thousands of people who, the heights they have achieved because the stakes are so incredibly high to be good. And it's the richest, most powerful people in those societies spending whatever it takes to get the best gear and the best training because you're right, everything depends on it. And it's still life and death. I mean, that, that's fascinating, um, that, that's fascinating and we perhaps have lost that forever with greater weapons. I mean, the artistry of sword fighting when it's life and death an
f study because humans are so different and the mind has so much impact on the way your body behaves. And it's so difficult from a scientific perspective to conduct really strong studies that you have to be almost like a scientist of one if to do these studies on yourself. That's the best way to understand what works for you or not. And I don't understand why, because it sounds unhealthy, but eating only meat always makes me feel good. Just eat meat, that's it. And I don't have any allergies, any of that kind of stuff. I'm not full like Jordan Peterson, where if he deviates a little bit from the carnivore diet, he goes off the cliff. No, I can have chocolate, I can go off the diet, I feel fine, it's a gradual worsening of how I feel. But when I eat only meat, I feel great. And it'd be nice to be reminded of that. Like there's a very simple fact that I feel good when I eat carnivore. And I think that repeats itself in all kinds of experiences. Like I feel really good when I exercise. I hate exercise, but in the rest of the day, the impact it ha
 doing like millions of them to draw insight about the way we see the world. No, that's right, Lex. And I appreciate the compliment, not because we did anything, but because what these studies, many of which are now done by other people around the world in labs that we're not connected with, what I'm most proud about our work. I am proud of the experiments that we've done. But it's not science until somebody else can replicate your findings and independent researchers are interested in pursuing them. It's such a fascinating idea. I don't... I have to think about a lot about the experiments you've done and that you've inspired, about the fact that death changes the way you see a bunch of different things. I think the Stoics talked about the, I mean, in general, just memento mori, like just thinking about death and meditating on death is a really positive, not a positive, it's an enlightening way to live life. So what do you think about that at the individual level? Like, what is the role about being, bringing that terror of death, fear of death to
 of complementarity. Yes, Einstein was very uncomfortable with complementarity. And in a broad sense, the famous Bohr Einstein debates revolved around this question of whether the complementarity that is a foundational feature of quantum mechanics, as we have it, is a permanent feature of the universe and our description of nature. And so far, quantum mechanics wins. And it's gone from triumph to triumph. Whether complementarity is rock bottom, I guess, you can never be sure. I mean, but it looks awfully good and it's been very successful. And certainly, complementarity has been extremely useful and fruitful in that domain, including some of Einstein's attempts to challenge it with the famous Einstein Podolsky Rosen experiment turned out to be confirmations that have been useful in themselves. But so thinking about these things was fruitful, but not in the way that Einstein hoped. Yeah, so as I said, in the case of quantum mechanics and this dilemma or dichotomy between processing the wave function in different ways, it's a theorem. The
around cryptocurrency that brings to the forefront the philosophical discussion of the nature of money. Are you bullish on cryptocurrency? Are you excited about it? What does it make you think about how the nature of money is changing? No one knows what money is. Probably no one ever knew. Go back to medieval times, bills of exchange. Were they money? Maybe it's just a semantic debate. Gold, silver, what about copper coins? What about metals that were considered legal tender but not always circulating? What about credit? So being confused about moneyness is the natural state of affairs for human beings. And if there's more of that, I'd say that's probably a good thing. Now, crypto per se, I think Bitcoin has taken over a lot of the space held by gold. That to me seems sustainable. I'm not short Bitcoin. I don't have some view that the price has to be different than the current price, but I know it changes every moment. I am deeply uncertain about the less of crypto, which seems connected to ultimate visions of using it for transactions in w
 of mutations and stuff with little mutations with no mutations and you have this map and it lays out the puzzle. Yeah. So when I say strong effect, I mean at the level of individual mutations. So basically genes where, so you have to think of first the effect of the gene on the disease. Remember how I was sort of painting that map earlier from genetics all the way to phenotype. That gene can have a strong effect on the disease, but the genetic variant might have a weak effect on the gene. So basically when you ask what is the effect of that genetic variant on the disease, it could be that that genetic variant impacts the gene by a lot and then the gene impacts the disease by a little, or it could be that the genetic variants impacts the gene by a little and then the gene impacts the disease by a lot. So what we care about is genes that impact the disease a lot, but genetics gives us the full equation and what I would argue is if we couple the genetics with expression variation to basically ask what genes change by a lot 
erican football is a diluted form of war. All this, these are diluted forms of war. Tennis is a diluted form of war. And I think one of the best explanations I ever got from this, and another person very impactful on my life and outlook and thinking about things, Cormac McCarthy. And so in Blood Meridian, there's this fantastic speech about war given by the judge, which there's a ton of fantastic speeches on things given by the judge, yeah. All that exists in creation without my knowledge does so without my consent. Okay, that's pretty heavy. That's, that's hard. Go ahead, can you break that up? Can you say that again? All things that exist in creation, all things that exist without my knowledge do so without my consent. What does that mean? Well, I think from the judge's perspective, it's like, well, I didn't consent to that bird or that dog or this building or all this, like all of this, you know, I didn't create it, so it's done so without my consent. And if it's up to my consent, well, I'll design it how I want to. There's another similar look into ho
he hierarchy of everyone saying, applauding, how special you are, and here's a person who was doing one of the greatest accomplishments in the history of mathematics. It doesn't want the stupid prize and doesn't want recognition, doesn't want to do interviews, it doesn't want to be famous. What do you make of that? It's great. Look, prizes are corrupting. After scientists win Nobel Prizes, they tend to become less productive. Now, statistically, it's hard to sort out the different effects. There's aggression toward the mean. Does the prize make you too busy? It's a little tricky, but. There's not enough Nobel Prizes either to gather enough data. Right, but I've known a lot of Nobel Prize winners, and it is my sense they become less productive. They repeat more of their older messages, which may be highly socially valuable, but if someone wants to turn their back on that and keep on working, which I assume is what he's doing, that's awesome. I mean, we should respect that. It's like he wins a bigger prize, right? Our extreme respect. Yeah. Wow. Grisha, if you'r
disagree with some things you say, and there's people that disagree with you, but everybody respects you. And thank you so much for spending your really valuable time with me today, brother. Thank you, sir, really appreciate it. This was not a waste of time, and I'd be happy to do it again. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Savedina Moose. To support this podcast, please check out our sponsors in the description. And now, let me leave you with some words from the Austrian economist Friedrich Hayek. Economic control is not merely control of a sector of human life which can be separated from the rest. It is the control of the means for all our ends. Thank you for listening, and hope to see you next time. flimsy, idiotic justification for what governments were already doing for 20 years. They'd already gone off the gold standard and they'd gone through 20 years in which they were lying to their population, telling their population we're still on a gold standard, but there are problems caused by various random things. But don't worry
f you have enough of agents who are able to trust each other, you can achieve a lot more. But if you have trust, you also have opportunity for cheaters and liars. And I don't think that's ever gonna go away. There will be hopefully a minority so that they don't get in the way. And we studied in these hyena simulations, like what the proportion needs to be before it is no longer functional. And you can point out that you can tolerate a few cheaters and a few liars and the society can still function. And that's probably going to happen when we build these systems at Autonomously Learn. The really successful ones are honest because that's the best way of getting things done. But there probably are also intelligent agents that find that they can achieve their goals by bending the rules or cheating. So that could be a huge benefit as opposed to having fixed AI systems. Say we build an AGI system and deploying millions of them, it'd be that are exactly the same. There might be a huge benefit to introducing sort of from like an evolutio
einforcement learning, but it had other objectives it was optimizing for. So I think there's a lot of interesting results already. I think maybe where it's hard to wrap my head around this, to which extent or when do we call something generalization? Or the levels of generalization in the real world, or the levels of generalization involved in these different tasks, right? You draw this, by the way, just to frame things. I've heard you say somewhere, it's the difference between learning to master versus learning to generalize, that it's a nice line to think about. And I guess you're saying that it's a gray area of what learning to master and learning to generalize, where one starts. I think I might have heard this. I might have heard it somewhere else. And I think it might've been one of your interviews, maybe the one with Yoshua Benjamin, I'm not 100% sure. But I liked the example, I'm not sure who it was, but the example was essentially, if you use current deep learning techniques, what we're doing to predict, let's say, the relative motion of our p
ay. And I need to, when I get a chance to fight him again, I gotta figure out how to take this guy out. I don't wanna say forever. I'm not trying to put him six feet underground. Well, when I fight, yes I am. But the point being, I need to find a way to, this is definitive. You don't get to say shit about it because I'm the only one who can stand right now. That's the way it's gotta be. Anything less than that is not good enough. And even if I achieve that, then I gotta figure out, okay, it's not a given. How did I get to this point? How did I make that happen? Was it simply because of his own mistakes or was it because of my successful action? So it's always self critical. Always, constantly. You love movies. I read this somewhere. You mentioned Blade Runner is a favorite. Number one of all time, the final cut. That's my go to. So you would say Blade Runner is the greatest movie of all time. It's one of the greatest movies of all time. And it is my number. What's in the top? My top five, Blade Runner, final cut. This is the original Blade Runner. And I used
, I would love to do. I will go around to. Next time we will do another three hours on sex alone. Has it been? Yeah. It has been over three hours. Gosh, okay. Matt, I'm a big fan of your work. I think you're doing really important work. Even despite all the things I've been saying about the madness of my own sleep schedule, I think you're helping millions of people. So it's an honor that you spend your valuable time with me and I can't wait until your podcast comes out. I'm a huge fan of podcasts, I'm a huge fan of you, and it's just an honor to know you and to get a chance, hopefully in the future, to work together with you. You're a brilliant man and you're doing amazing things. And I feel immensely honored to have met you, to now know you, and to start calling you a friend. Thank you for what you do for the world and for me included. Thank you, Matt. Take care. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Matt Walker and thank you to Stamps.com, Squarespace, Letter Greens, BetterHelp, and Onnit. Check them out in the description to support this pod
rm. Here we are talking about relatively simple physical actions, but you can take that the higher levels also like to predict what the people are going to do, you need to know what their goals are. What are they trying to, are they exercising? Are they just starting to get somewhere? But even higher level, I mean, you are predicting what people will do in their career, what their life themes are. Do they want to be famous, rich, or do good? And that takes a lot more information, but it allows you to then predict their actions, what choices they might make. So how does evolution and computation apply to the world of neural networks? I've seen quite a bit of work from you and others in the world of neural evolution. So maybe first, can you say, what is this field? Yeah, neural evolution is a combination of neural networks and evolution computation in many different forms, but the early versions were simply using evolution as a way to construct a neural network instead of say, stochastic gradient descent or backpropagation. Because evolu
can flags. And they were from every country and every race and every creed. And it didn't matter who they were, but they all shared one bond, love. And they were hugging and crying and thanking rescuers. And it brought the morale so high for a group of people that was so beaten down the day before. It just started lifting the morale and making us realize, you know what? People really do give a crap. They really do love each other. And now I'm gonna be honest with you, I've been doubting that a little bit lately. I still have these examples of it. You know, that lady who helped me last night with the phone and just, you know, I know there's these shining little examples, but sometimes I think, I don't know, are we running out of them? Well, I gotta give you some advice. So there's two words that were repeated often in the days and the years after 911, which is never forget. So might I remind you to never forget about 912. I mean, those words, you talked about that, you know, there's people, what is it, college freshmen, maybe. They weren't even born. They we
 versus what it takes to work well in a deployment setting some common problems robustness and generalization you deploy something in the factory maybe they chop down a tree outside the factory so the tree no longer covers the window and the lighting is different so the test set changes and in machine learning and especially in academia we don't know how to deal with test set distributions that are dramatically different than the training set distribution you know that this research the stuff like domain annotation transfer learning you know there are people working on it but we're really not good at this so how do you actually get this to work because your test set distribution is going to change and I think also if you look at the number of lines of code in the software system the machine learning model is maybe five percent or even fewer relative to the entire software system you need to build so how do you get all that work done and make it reliable and systematic so good software engineering work is fundam
 about supposedly the most advanced artificial intelligence entity, an embodied one, and who Human form? Human form, who finds out, who is having essentially existential anxieties. And I think the project is called A Dinner with Her or something, and it doesn't really matter, but the punchline is that she finds out that her creator has made her mortal. And so the question is what happens phenomenologically and behaviorally to an artificial intelligence who now knows that it's mortal? And it's actually the same question that you're posing. And that is, is that necessary in order for an AI to approximate humanity? Yeah, I think, yeah. So the intuition, again, it's unknown, but I think it's absolutely, I think it's absolutely necessary. A lot of people, the same kind of shallow thinking that people have about our own end of life, our own death, is the same way people think of, I think, about artificial intelligence. It's like, well, okay, so yeah, so within the system, there's a terminal position where there's a point at which it ends, the program ends, t
ion whether it's government, whether it's companies. They're going to try to do propaganda. They're going to try to manipulate you, deceive you, shut down competition by playing games, human games of different kinds and sometimes even meaning well. It's not like everybody thinks they're doing good and they're actually doing evil. So how do we prevent the worst of human nature coming out in a free market as well? By not giving the worst of human nature a monopoly on violence in the institution of government. That little inkling of coercion, that little bit of asymmetry creates a gigantic like ripple effect of asymmetry in your view. Yes and it ends up just being the place where corporations, individuals, free markets, they can't coerce without the resort to government. So you think about all the examples of corrupt corporations doing bad things. It's always because they have certain privileges from governments because as it exists, Coca Cola, McDonald's, all of these giant corporations, they can't do anything to me without government. They ca
pabilities they have, and you wanted to create a system that kind of exchanges those things. So when you imagine like what is a good, what is markets? When you imagine a market is like a hierarchical system, what do you imagine? What is a market? A market is just the name for the naturally emergent phenomena of people voluntarily exchanging things. It's at any scale. At any scale, yeah. Individually, it could be a market of two people on an island on their own. It could be 8 billion people across the planet. Naturally emerging. Yes, this is the thing I think that is very hard for many people who don't have a good understanding of economics to grasp that capitalism and markets are not something that you need a central planner or a government officer to make happen. Capitalism is just what happens when people are left to their own devices. It's just our cognitive capacity allows us to develop tools that we can use for production. And that's what we do. That's what humans have been doing since they started making spears to hunt. That's the
ery high level decision. But if you think about their lives, I mean, any person's life, it's a sequence of muscle fiber contractions and relaxations, and that's how you interact with the world. And that's a very high frequency control thing, but it's ultimately what you do and how you affect the world, until I guess we have brain readings and you can maybe do it slightly differently. But typically that's how you affect the world. And the decision of doing a PhD is so abstract relative to what you're actually doing in the world. And I think that's where credit assignment becomes just completely beyond what any current RL algorithm can do. And we need hierarchical reasoning at a level that is just not available at all yet. Where do you think we can pick up hierarchical reasoning? By which mechanisms? Yeah, so maybe let me highlight what I think the limitations are of what already was done 20, 30 years ago. In fact, you'll find reasoning systems that reason over relatively long horizons, but the problem is that they were not grounded in the rea
elieves proof of stake in work is either one completely clueless at how and why Bitcoin works at all or two, a con artist using it as a buzzword to promote a worthless scam like Ethereum. Do you still believe that Ethereum is a scam and in general, proof of stake? You're either clueless if you think it's interesting. Yeah, no, I still stand by that. I think the... Would you classify Ethereum as a shitcoin? For sure. It's the mother asshole from which the shitcoins spring. The royal, the king shitcoin. Yeah. I think the key thing is, the way to think about there's another tweet from a couple of years ago, which is essentially proof of work was like the invention of flight. Like we've gotten this machine and we managed to get it to fly off the ground. And proof of stake is, hey, we found a great way to make airplanes cheaper and faster by not making them fly. By keeping them on the ground. Like the invention of proof of work, the reason the entire digital currency space exists is because Bitcoin operates based on proof of work. If Bitcoin was
aps a single dictator. And secondly, that single individual is or small group of individuals or single country is then able to like lock in their values indefinitely via transmitting those values to artificial systems that have no reason to die like, you know, their code is copyable. Perhaps, you know, Donald Trump or Xi Jinping creates their kind of AI progeny in their own image. And once you have a system that's once you have a society that's controlled by AI, you no longer have one of the main drivers of change historically, which is the fact that human lifespans are you know, only a hundred years give or take. So that's really interesting. So as opposed to sort of killing off all humans is locking in creating a hell on earth, basically a set of principles under which the society operates that's extremely undesirable. So everybody is suffering indefinitely. Or it doesn't, I mean, it also doesn't need to be hell on earth. It could just be the long values. So we talked at the very beginning about how I want to see this kind of divers
relativity? Like that we're in space time and it can be bent by gravity. Like, is that just what it is? Are we supposed to be okay with this? Because like Newton, even Newton is a little weird, right? But that at least like makes sense. That's our physical world. When an apple falls, it makes sense. But the fact that entirety of the space time we're in can bend, that's really mind blowing. Let me make another analogy. This is a therapy session for me at this point. Yeah, right. Another analogy. Thank you. So imagine you have a trampoline. Yes. Okay. What happens if you put a marble on a trampoline? It doesn't do anything, right? No. Just a little bit, but not much. Yeah. I mean, just if I drop it, it's not going to go anywhere. Now imagine I put a bowling ball at the center of the trampoline. Now I come up to the trampoline and I put a marble on, what happens? It'll roll towards the bowling ball. Okay. All right. So what's happened is the presence of this massive object distorted the space that the trampoline did. This is the same thing that happens to the
is amenable to reasoning? Another direction we've been thinking about for a long time and didn't make any progress on was more information theoretic approaches. So the idea there was that what it means to take high level action is to take and choose a latent variable now that tells you a lot about what's gonna be the case in the future. Because that's what it means to take a high level action. I say okay, I decide I'm gonna navigate to the gas station because I need to get gas for my car. Well, that'll now take five minutes to get there. But the fact that I get there, I could already tell that from the high level action I took much earlier. That we had a very hard time getting success with. Not saying it's a dead end necessarily, but we had a lot of trouble getting that to work. And then we started revisiting the notion of what are we really trying to achieve? What we're trying to achieve is not necessarily hierarchy per se, but you could think about what does hierarchy give us? What we hope it would give us is better credit assignm
brain being a mosaic of multiple different types of genetic underpinnings. Some cells contain a mutation that other cells don't have. So every human has the common variants that all of us carry to some degree, the rare variants that your immediate tree of the human species carries, and then there's the somatic variant, which is the tree that happened after the zygote that sort of forms your own body. So these somatic alterations is something that has been previously inaccessible to study in human postmortem samples. But right now with the advent of single cell RNA sequencing, in this particular case, we're using the well based sequencing, which is much more expensive, but gives you a lot richer information about each of those transcripts. So we're using now that richer information to infer mutations that have happened in each of the thousands of genes that sort of are active in these cells, and then understand how the genome relates to the function, this genotype phenotype relationship that we usually build in GWAS between in 
I admire incredibly and have an immense reverence for the man. You said two things, is it wrong to do those things to yourself? And is it unhealthy to do those things to yourself? I disagree with the former and I agree with the latter. So from a health biological medicine perspective, sleeping in the way that you've described or that other people may be sleeping in terms of insufficient amounts, now to your point too about into individual differences, usually when I see a bar graph and a mean, I usually say, show me your variance. I want to see your variance. In other words, show me the distribution of that effect. How many people were below the mean? How many, is it all tightly clustered around this one thing? So it's a very robust effect or was this huge fan of effect where for some people there was no effect at all and other people there was a whopping effect and everything in between. So I don't discount into individual variability, but, and I will come back to those two points about, is it wrong and is it unhealthy in just a se
's directly mapped to economic reality and that there's a hard money out there that, you know, what you're spending money, you know, you wanna build your airplane factory, you need to get actual resources. So you get actual gold, either yours or somebody else's, you borrow it or you give them equity, but there's real resources. Now, what happened with the fiat system? And this is, you know, the first part of the book where I look at it from an engineering kind of perspective is essentially, and I think this is like the breakthrough inside of the book, what fiat does is that it replaces gold mining with credit creation. The way that we make fiat money, the way that fiat is mined into existence is through credit creation. Most people think of fiat money as being something that happens when government prints money. And we still use the term government's printing money, but the vast majority of fiat is not physical. And in fact, fiat is not created when it is printed physically, it's created when it is lent. So when you go to a bank to get a $1 m
bad experience so this is true both for universities and for large companies for small companies you can kind of figure out who you'll be working with quite quickly and I tend to advise people if a company refuses to tell you who you will work with someone say oh join us the rotation system will figure it out I think that that's a worrying answer because it because it means you may not get sent to you may not actually get to a team with great peers and great people to work with it's actually a really profound advice that we kind of sometimes sweep we don't consider too rigorously or carefully the people around you are really often especially when you accomplish great things it seems the great things are accomplished because of the people around you so that's a it's not about the the where whether you learn this thing or that thing or like you said the logo that hangs up top it's the people that's a fascinating and it's such a hard search process of finding just like finding the right friends and somebody to get marrie
k just at the information that one can acquire on their wrist, and now you're applying it to the entire cortex on the brain and you say, what kind of information could we acquire? It opens up a whole new universe of possibilities. For example, we did this internal study at Kernel where I wore a prototype device and we were measuring the cognitive effects of sleep. So I had a device measuring my sleep. I performed with 13 of my coworkers. We performed four cognitive tasks over 13 sessions. And we focused on reaction time, impulse control, short term memory, and then a resting state task. And with mine, we found, for example, that my impulse control was independently correlated with my sleep outside of behavioral measures of my ability to play the game. The point of the study was I had, the brain study I did at Kernel confirmed my life experience that if I, my deep sleep determined whether or not I would be able to resist temptation the following day. And my brain did show that as one example. And so if you start thinking, if you actuall
hat's above my pay grade, I don't know. So, okay, so you talk about the muse as the source of ideas maybe. Since you've gotten a few glimpses of her in your writing, tell me, what is it possible for you to tell me about her? Where does she reside? What does she look like? I mean, you can look at it many different ways, right? The Greeks did it in an anthropomorphic way, right? They created gods that were like human beings. But if you look at it from a Kabbalistic Jewish perspective, Jewish mysticism, you could say that it's the soul, the neshama, right? That the soul is above us on a higher plane, our own, your soul, my soul, and is trying to reach down to us and communicate with us. And we're trying simultaneously to reach up to it through prayer or through, if you're a writer or an artist, you know, when you sit down at the keyboard, you're entering into a kind of prayer. You're entering into a different state of an altered consciousness to some extent. You're opening yourself, opening the pipeline, or turning on the radio to tune into the cosmic ra
 care about or love, they find that extremely depressing. And I know people who feel that way 20, 30, 40 years later, they still want them back. So I mean, death is not something to celebrate, but we've lived in a world where people just accept this. Life is short, you see it all the time on TV, oh, life's short, you have to take advantage of it and nobody accepts the fact that you could actually go beyond normal lifetimes. But anytime we talk about death or a death of a person, even one death is a terrible tragedy. If you have somebody that lives to 100 years old, we still love them in return. And there's no limitation to that. In fact, these kinds of trends are gonna provide greater and greater opportunity for everybody, even if we have more people. So let me ask about an alien species or a super intelligent AI 500 years from now that will look back and remember Ray Kurzweil version zero. Before the replicants spread, how do you hope they remember you in Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy summary of Ray Kurzweil? What do you hope your legacy is? Well
e you drilling? You're just sitting and? You're writing, you know? Just writing. You're writing, then you're looking at what you wrote, you know? You're hitting moments when it flows, you know? And then your other hitting moments where you just can't do anything. And you're trying to, from the moments where it flowed, you're trying to come back and look at it and say, what did I do? How did that happen? Where was my mind, you know? But I think it's just a process of over and over and over and over until finally it gets a little bit easier. And did you always, when you read something you write, did you always have a pretty good radar for what's good and not after it's written? No. I think I do now. But no, it was always really hard for me to know what was good. I mean, do you edit, the process of editing is the process of looking at what you've written and improving it. Are you a better writer or an editor? How often do you edit? That's another great question. Great question. Cause I do think that in writing, the real process of looking at it is the proces
romodynamics. So it's our theory of the strong interaction, the interaction that is responsible for nuclear physics. So it's the interaction that governs how quarks and gluons interact with each other and make protons and neutrons and all the strong, the related particles and many things in physics. It's one of the four basic forces of nature as we presently understand it. And so we have beautiful equations, which we can test in very special circumstances using at high energies, at accelerators. So we're certain that these equations are correct. Prizes are given for it and so on. And people try to knock it down and they can't. Yeah, but the situations in which we can calculate the consequences of these equations are very limited. So for instance, no one has been able to demonstrate that this theory, which is built on quarks and gluons, which no one, which you don't observe, actually produces protons and neutrons and the things you do observe. This is called the problem of confinement. So no one's been able to prove that analytically in 
e learn about society and human nature from that conflict? That is one of the hottest conflicts that still goes on today. Well, when I was working on the Lionsgate about the Six Day War, I wrote in the introduction that this was not gonna be a multi sided story. I was taking it entirely, I'm a Jew, I identify with the Israeli people, I was gonna see it entirely from their side. So that's probably not what you're asking, but to me, the Six Day War and that whole, it's a piece of land that's holy to at least three religions and probably more. And from the Jewish point of view, it's where the state of Israel, it's where David founded Jerusalem, it's all where the 12 tribes were, et cetera, et cetera, where Moses came and brought the people. So to me, the Six Day War was about, as I said, a return from exile, from diaspora after 2000 years. Now, obviously, from the Palestinian point of view or the Saudi Arabian point of view or whatever, it's a whole other scenario. Religion is at the core of this conflict in some ways, but religious beliefs. Religion and ra
 from equations which are symmetric with respect to changing the direction of time to a very good approximation. And that's still an interesting endeavor. That's interesting. And actually it's an exciting frontier of physics now to sort of explore the boundary between when that's true and when it's not true. When you get to smaller objects and exceptions like time crystals. I definitely have to ask you about time crystals in a second here. But so the CP problem and T, so there's all of these. We're in danger of infinite regress, but we have to convert soon. So. Can't possibly be turtles all the way down. We're gonna get to the bottom turtle. So it became, so it got to be a real, I mean, it's a really puzzling thing why the laws should have this very odd property that we don't need. And in fact, it's kind of an embarrassment in addressing empirical reality. But it seemed to be almost, it seemed to be exactly true for a long time. And then almost true. And in way, almost true is even, is more disturbing than exactly true because exactly true, it c
fast. But that's how we understand fasting. And I think my dear friend, Peter Attia has done a lot of work in this area too. I think fasting and David Sinclair's brilliant work, goodness me, what an individual too. The work is pretty clear there that time restricted eating and fasting have wonderful health benefits. Fasting creates this thing called hormesis, just like exercise and low level stress and sauna, heat, shock. And hormesis is a biological process I think as David Sinclair has once said, in simple layman's terms is, what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. And I think there is certainly good data that fasting and time restricted eating has many benefits. Is sleep one of them? It doesn't seem to be, it doesn't seem to enhance sleep. But it's interesting to understand its effects on sleep. I've fasted, it's a study of NF2. I once fasted 72 hours and another time 48 hours. And I found that I got much less sleep and it was very restful though. I hesitate to say this, but this is how I felt, which is I needed less sleep. I wonder if my brain 
the economy too, right? Can you make a case for the role of some large scale centralized systems, whether it's government or not, that do this kind of management? I guess, perhaps you could say there's the economies of scale argument that some things must exist at a very large scale, and therefore you would want political accountability of the people who manage them. This is kind of the argument that's given for infrastructure monopolies. For instance, roads or electricity. Let's say we live in a country, we need one power plant. The bigger the power plant, the better off we will all be. And there's a natural monopoly in the power plant business. So we're gonna have to have one power plant. And since it's only one power plant, then we can't just let anybody own it because then they're gonna make it too expensive. So we need to have the government own it so it can make it too expensive. And you don't find that case compelling? Not at all. I used to believe in it. I was pretty much a Keynesian when I first started my graduate studies at Columb
argument about will the winner of Cain Velasquez versus Steve Amiocik be the greatest MMA heavyweight of all time? And I said, fucking no way. Oh no, it was Cormier Amiocik. That's what it was. I said, absolutely not. Not even close. And I said, these guys need a bit more time to see how things go. And also how things go for some of their opponents. And like, there's more factors than just this one fight. It really is. And I go, and when you wanna weigh these people, even if let's say, we'll bring Alistair Overeem into the end of the equation. Okay, you judge him on what you know now, what he's done for you lately, okay? Right. Which is a very myopic way of doing it. What has he done over his career? K1 champion. He was a champion in DREAM. He, Strike Force, blah, blah, blah. His overall record. The entirety of all the different opponents he's fought. And I just sit back and I go, okay, he's not the UFC champ. But his accolades, his merits, in some ways, actually stand up higher than Cormier's and Amiocik's. So what about the moments, do you give much value to 
o have similar kind of encodings in a computer program. Yes, and that is a big question. How do you encode these individuals? So there's a genotype, which is that encoding and then a decoding mechanism gives you the phenotype, which is the actual individual that then performs the task and in an environment can be evaluated how good it is. So even that mapping is a big question and how do you do it? But typically the representations are, either they are strings of numbers or they are some kind of trees. Those are something that we know very well in computer science and we try to do that. But they, and DNA in some sense is also a sequence and it's a string. So it's not that far from it, but DNA also has many other aspects that we don't take into account necessarily like there's folding and interactions that are other than just the sequence itself. And lots of that is not yet captured and we don't know whether they are really crucial. Evolution, biological evolution has produced wonderful things, but if you look at them, it's not necessa
d that's sort of painting to a new path for therapeutical intervention there. In Alzheimer's, it's this huge focus on microglia and now we're discovering different classes of microglial cells that are basically either synaptic or immune. And these are playing vastly different roles in Alzheimer's versus in schizophrenia. And what we're finding is this immense complexity as you go further and further down of how in fact there's 10 different types of microglia, each with their own sort of expression programs. We used to think of them as, oh yeah, they're microglia, but in fact now we're realizing just even in that sort of least abundant of cell types, there's this incredible diversity there. The differences between brain regions is another sort of major, major insight. Often one would think that, oh, astrocytes are astrocytes no matter where they are. But no, there's incredible region specific differences in the expression patterns of all of the major brain cell types across different brain regions. So basically there's the neocortical region
 field? Deep learning.ai is working to create courses to help people break into AI. So my machine learning course that I taught through Stanford is one of the most popular courses on Coursera. To this day, it's probably one of the courses, sort of, if I asked somebody, how did you get into machine learning or how did you fall in love with machine learning or would get you interested, it always goes back to Andrew Ng at some point. I see, yeah, I'm sure. You've influenced, the amount of people you've influenced is ridiculous. So for that, I'm sure I speak for a lot of people say big thank you. No, yeah, thank you. I was once reading a news article, I think it was tech review and I'm gonna mess up the statistic, but I remember reading an article that said something like one third of all programmers are self taught. I may have the number one third, around me was two thirds, but when I read that article, I thought this doesn't make sense. Everyone is self taught. So, cause you teach yourself. I don't teach people. That's well put. Yeah, so how does one g
hy across borders, even within federalistic systems, they're typically complex. There's not a clear transitivity necessarily of who has the final say over what, just the state vis a vis its people. There's not per se a final arbitrator in that regard. So you want a good anarchy rather than a bad anarchy. You wanna squish your anarchy into the right corners. And I don't think there's a theoretical answer how to do it, but you start with a country, like is it working well enough now? This country, you'd say mostly, you'd certainly wanna make a lot of improvements. And that's why I don't wanna press that get rid of the constitution button, but to just dump on the anarchists is to miss the point. Always try to learn from any opinion. What in it is true? I'm just like marveling at the poetry of saying that we should squish our anarchy into the right corners of it. Okay, I gotta ask, I've been talking with, since we're doing a whirlwind introduction to all of economics, I've been talking to a few objectivists recently Like Beatles, classic small group
to have X phenotype. So perturbing that gene in human causes the humans to have the disease. So I can now figure out what are the detailed molecular phenotypes in the human that are related to that organismal phenotype in the disease. So it's all about understanding disease mechanism, understanding what are the pathways, what are the tissues, what are the processes that are associated with the disease so that we know how to intervene. You can then prescribe particular medications that also alter these processes. You can prescribe lifestyle changes that also affect these processes and so on and so forth. That's such a beautiful puzzle to try to solve. Like what kind of perturbations eventually have this ripple effect that leads to disease across the population. And then you study that for animals or mice first and then see how that might possibly connect to humans. How hard is that puzzle of trying to figure out how little perturbations might lead to, in a stable way, to a disease? In animals, we make the puzzle simpler because
ts when I was at university, I tell them to drop out and go learn to code. It's probably a better use of their time and money. Well, you could probably do both. Yeah. University has an interesting function. I mean, probably you and I have different perspective on this, probably has to do with a little bit of a different journey in terms of fields, because I'm so, I've stayed engineering focused for a long time, and there's less, some of the troubles you might highlight in the education system, there's less troubles of that kind in engineering, because math hasn't changed for a long time. So a lot of it is just doing hard things, being forced to do hard things, and becoming a bit of a generalist, while on the side, you're also becoming a specialist based on your own passion, driven by your own passion. So school, at least high school, I don't know about the university, but high school has a really nice, one of the only times in your life, at least in my life, I was forced, but now I see given the opportunity to spend my entire day learning broadl
hol could be worth over 50 million. That's an incredible rate of price appreciation. Bitcoin is seeing a similar trajectory. I don't pretend to know where it will stop, but it's about trying to figure out what do people think of Andy Warhol? He could be out of fashion in a century. Maybe yes, maybe no. But you don't think about Warhols as money. They perform some money like functions. You can even use them as collateral for like deals between gangs. But they're not basically money, nor is Bitcoin. And the transactions velocity of Bitcoin, I would think is likely to fall, if anything. So you don't think there'll be some kind of phase shift where it become adopted and become mainstream for one of the main mechanisms of transactions? Bitcoin, no. Now, you know, ether has some chance at that. I would bet against it, but I wouldn't give you a definitive no. And you wouldn't put us here. Bitcoin is too costly. It may be fine to hold it like gold, but gold is also costly. You have smart people trying to make, say, ether, much more effective as a currency th
u my reason. The people who are all gung ho, they do a kind of reasoning in reverse or argument from elimination. They figure out a bunch of things that can't be, like is it a Russian advanced vehicle? No, probably pretty good arguments there. Is it a Chinese advanced vehicle? No. Is it people like from the earth's future coming back in time? No. And they go through a few others. They have some really good no arguments. Then they're like, well, what we've got left is aliens. This argument from elimination, I don't actually find that persuasive. You can talk yourself into a lot of mistaken ideas that way. The positive evidence that it's aliens is still quite weak. The positive evidence that it's a puzzle is quite huge. And whatever the solution to the puzzle is, it might be fascinating. And it's gonna be so weird or fascinating or maybe even trivial, but that's weird in its own way, that we can't set up by elimination all the things that might be able to be. Yeah, and just like you said, the debunking that I've seen of these kinds of things are les
, I'll find a book title and I'll send it to you. And it's a serious consideration of people who started out with these sex dolls, but it turned into a relationship of enduring significance that the woman who wrote the book is not willing to dismiss as a perversion. Yeah, that's what, you know, people kind of joke about sex robots, which is funny. Like, it's a funny, I mean, there's a lot of stuff about robots. It's just kind of fun to talk about that is not necessarily connected to reality. People joke about sex robots, but if you actually look how sex robots, which are pretty rare these days, are used, they're not used by people who want sex. Precisely. They're actually, They're kind of, They're actually, They're companions. They become companions. Yeah. It's, yeah, it's fascinating. And they're just, we're not even talking about any kind of intelligence. We're talking about just, I mean, human beings seek companionships. We're deeply lonely. I mean, that was the other sense I have that I don't know if I can articulate clearly. You can probably do a better job, b
izations colonizing, I can envision, but I can envision something more like the South Pole. We haven't colonized Antarctica because it's all ice and cold and so forth. But we have stations. So we have a station that's self sustaining at the South Pole. I've been there. It has. Wow, really? Yeah. What's that like? Because there's parallels there to go to Mars. It's fantastic. What's the journey like? The journey involves going. The South Pole station is run in the US by the National Science Foundation. I went because I was on the National Science Board that runs the National Science Foundation. And so you get a VIP trip if you're healthy enough to the South Pole to see it, which I took. You fly from the US to Australia to Christchurch in Southern Australia. And from there you fly to McMurdo Station, which is on the coast. And it's the station with about a thousand people right on the coast of Antarctica. It's about a seven or eight hour flight and they can't predict the weather. So when I flew from Christchurch to McMurdo Station, they tell you in
s form could have depth? Hmm. Was it Moby Dick? Was it like in high school? I'm trying to remember, well, Moby Dick was definitely a big one. Um, I mean, I used to read a lot of classics comics when I was, I don't know if you've seen these, it's a whole series of comic books that, um, uh, it was viral. You could, uh, in the, in the back of each comic book was an order form. You could check some boxes and fill out your address and mail it in and more would show up. And, but it was like, they would do the Count of Monte Cristo, you know, Moby Dick, you know, Robert Louis Stevenson, Robinson Crusoe, you know, all this of classic books, uh, were, they had put into comic book form. That's amazing. Yeah. Reading Moby Dick, if you're nine years old is a tall order. There's some very complicated sentences in there and a lot of digressions, but if you're just looking at the comic books, like, holy shit, look at that whale, you know? Um, and, um, and ultimately the power of the story doesn't need the complicated words. It's, it's all about the man and the, and the whale. Yeah. Ye
se often if you have something you can mathematically formalize, you can leapfrog a lot of experimentation. And experimentation takes a long time to get through. And a lot of trial and error, kind of reinforcement learning, your research process, but you need to do a lot of trial and error before you get to a success. So if you can leapfrog that, to my mind, that's what the math is about. And hopefully once you do a bunch of experiments, you start seeing a pattern. You can do some derivations that leapfrog some experiments. But I agree with you. I mean, in practice, a lot of the progress has been such that we have not been able to find the math that allows you to leapfrog ahead. And we are kind of making gradual progress one step at a time, a new experiment here, a new experiment there that gives us new insights and gradually building up, but not getting to something yet where we're just, okay, here's an equation that now explains how, you know, that would be, have been two years of experimentation to get there, but this tells us what th
 there is sort of, you're already replacing the thumbs essentially that you would use to play video game. The dream is to be able to increase further the interface by which you interact with the computer. Are you impressed by this? Are you worried about this? What are your thoughts as a human? I think it's wonderful. I think it's great that we could do something like that. I mean, there are devices that read your EEG for instance, and humans can learn to control things using just their thoughts in that sense. And I don't think it's that different. I mean, those signals would go to limbs, they would go to thumbs. Now the same signals go through a sensor to some computing system. It still probably has to be built on human terms, not to overwhelm them, but utilize what's there and sense the right kind of patterns that are easy to generate. But, oh, that I think is really quite possible and wonderful and could be very much more efficient. Is there, so you mentioned surprising being a characteristic of creativity. Is there something, you alread
So yeah, the writing, well no, the writing, the office door closes and then the rest of the day just do whatever the hell. Maybe go out to dinner, my girlfriend is not here now, she's in New York working, we'll make dinner or whatever. Go out to dinner, something like that, and maybe I'll read something, nothing heavy. And I go to bed pretty early, and the gym is a big thing for me. I'll already, sort of probably like with you with martial arts, the night before, I'll be visualizing what I have to do the next day and getting myself psyched up for that. And then I'll just conk out like a light and wake up at the crack of dawn. Okay, so looking out into the future, this year, next few years, what do you think the muse has in store for you? I don't think you can ever know. It's probably something along the same, I really believe there's that exercise where they say to you, visualize yourself five years in the future and write a letter from that person to yourself. I don't believe in that at all because I don't think you can, there's a line out of Africa
at is Kolmogorov complexity? Okay, Kolmogorov complexity is a notion of simplicity or complexity, and it takes the compression view to the extreme. So I explained before that if you have some data sequence, just think about a file in a computer and best sort of, you know, just a string of bits. And if you, and we have data compressors, like we compress big files into zip files with certain compressors. And you can also produce self extracting ArcaFs. That means as an executable, if you run it, it reproduces your original file without needing an extra decompressor. It's just a decompressor plus the ArcaF together in one. And now there are better and worse compressors, and you can ask, what is the ultimate compressor? So what is the shortest possible self extracting ArcaF you could produce for a certain data set here, which reproduces the data set. And the length of this is called the Kolmogorov complexity. And arguably that is the information content in the data set. I mean, if the data set is very redundant or very boring, you can com
ed the Torah. But if you don't put these things into action, if you don't make them a part of your consciousness, maybe even on the subconsciousness, just through repetition, they will die. They will become simply something that exists somewhere until you find it again. And Carl Gotch used to say something, he would say that I don't invent moves, I just rediscover them. But yet Gotch and Billy Robinson also would understand that you, if someone's not carrying the torch, it'll go out. Now that doesn't mean fire can't be rekindled. It just means that it, that torch no longer is lighting the way on this knowledge. And so it's important to be an individual, even on an individual level, to be a repository for aspects of knowledge. You mentioned Gotch. You consider yourself a catch wrestler. So I've mentioned to you offline that I competed in a couple of catch wrestling tournaments. Can we go Wikipedia level at the very basic, you're the exactly right person to ask, what is catch wrestling? And what are its defining principles? I would say the easies
ios where this is just technical work on current machine learning systems often sometimes going more theoretical to on how we can ensure that an AI is able to learn human values and able to act in the way that you want it to act. And that's a pretty mainstream issue and approach in machine learning today. So, you know, we definitely need more people doing that. Second is on the policy side of things, which I think is even more important at the moment, which is how should developments in AI be managed on a political level? How can you ensure that the benefits of AI are very distributed? It's not being, power isn't being concentrated in the hands of a small set of individuals. How do you ensure that there aren't arms races between different AI companies that might result in them, you know, cutting corners with respect to safety. And so there the input as individuals who can have is this. We're not talking about money. We're talking about effort. We're talking about career choices. We're talking about career choice. Yeah, but then it is th
tage of the inflation rate, and then you think that you can establish scientific relationship between those aggregates, it's purely physics envy. In physics, for instance, or in chemistry, you put, let's say, a container that contains a gas, and you have the ideal gas law, PV equals to nRT, calculate the pressure, calculate the volume, and then the temperature. If you have the pressure and the volume, you can calculate the temperature because you have the nR constants. So there's a clear relationship that has been demonstrated in a laboratory and that we can do it right now. We can measure it and we can see it and it continues to hold. And all it takes is one scientist to show that this relationship does not hold, to do an experiment that shows that this does not hold, and it stops being a law of chemistry and it's broken. Whereas in economics, what they've done is they've copied the superficial shape of this without any of the scientific rigor that was used to build it. There's no experiments. You can't experiment on economies. We don't have
the idea of bombarding with neutrons, is that an experimental idea? Was it born out of an experiment? Did he just observe something, or is this an Einstein style idea where you come up from basic intuition? I think it took a combination, because he realized that neutrons had a characteristic that would allow them to go all the way into the nucleus when we didn't really understand what the structure was of all this. So that took an understanding or recognition of the physics itself of how a neutron interacts compared to, say, an alpha particle that Julio and Curie had used. And then he had to invent a way to have enough neutrons, and he had a team of associates, and he pulled it off quite quickly. So it was pretty astounding. And probably, maybe you can speak to it, his ability to put together the engineering aspects of great experiments and doing the theory, they probably fed each other. I wonder, can you speak to why we don't see more of that? Is that just really difficult to do? It's difficult to do. Yeah, I think in both theory and
would be a fighter pilot or a tank commander or whatever. You would not just be working at MIT or whatever. And I would be in the army too. And so from their point of view, they say all those people who hate us, can I curse on this? Of course. Can I curse on this thing? Fuck them, we'll kill them. We'll kill them. If they dared to cross the line, and that's their whole different point of view. To me, it's actually a healthier point of view. You think so? Yeah. So there's no, so let me ask the hard question is, well, maybe it's an impossible question is, how do we resolve that conflict? In Israel and? In Israel or? Anywhere? Anywhere where the instinct is to reach out in US and say, F you and the people, yeah. Here's my, I think that the only way that two warring sides or two sides that are opposed to one another can ever really come together is when there's mutual respect, we'll get just more water. I got it, I got this. When there's mutual respect and they can see each other as equals and when there's mutual fear, you know, where one side says, we don't d
sed to be much more of a gold bug. And in my mind, gold bugs have spent the last 50 years saying the global monetary system is going to collapse next week and we're going to go back to a gold standard. And writing the fiat standard gave me a very good appreciation for why this hasn't happened and why it's not very likely to happen. I think the reason is, as I said earlier, just gold is very expensive to move around and perhaps more importantly, it's very expensive to verify. That's really the problem with it. It's very expensive to verify that the gold that you're receiving is original gold. So the only way to do this properly is to melt the gold bars down and recast them, which is pretty expensive. So we have this situation now where Russia, which is one of the biggest economies in the world has been kicked off to varying degrees off the global monetary system and the US has confiscated their reserves. And I don't have political opinions about the war. It's not something I'm very familiar with. It's outside of my area of expertise. I'm ju
ings by another three places and be a little closer to MIT, though you'll never touch them. That to me is very harmful. And you'd rather they be more like Chicago, more like Caltech, or the older Caltech all the more, like pick some model, be weird in it. You might fail. That's socially better. Yeah, but so the problem with MIT, for example, is the mediocrity is really enforced on the junior faculty. Yeah. So like the people that are allowed to be weird, or actually they just don't even ask for permissions anymore are more senior faculty. And that's good, of course, but you want the weird young people. I find too, this podcast, I like talking to tech people, and I find the young faculty to be really boring. They are. They're the most boring of faculty. Their work is interesting technically, technically, but just the passion. They are drudges. And some of them sneak by. Like you have like the Max Tegmark, young version of Max Tegmark, who knows how to play the role of boring and fitting in. And then on the side, he does the weird shit. Sure. But they're
chologists because that's who we intersected with, we would lay out these ideas and they would be, well, I don't think about death like that. So these ideas must be wrong. And we would say, well, you don't think about death because you're lucky enough to be comfortably ensconced in a cultural worldview from which you derive self esteem. And that has spared you the existential excruciations that would otherwise arise. But that's like Freud. You know, you're repressing, so you either agree with me in which case I'm right, or you disagree with me in which case you're repressing and I'm right. Well, so that's the Nietzsche thing. What I felt when I've, there've been moments in my life when I really thought about death. I mean, there's not too many. Like really, really thought about it and feel the thing when you felt that eight, maybe I'm traumatizing or romanticizing it. But I feel like it's, the conservatives call it popularly like, or the movie Matrix call it the red pill moment. I feel like it's a dangerous thought because I feel like I'm taking a ste
nflammatory bowel disease and there's a digestive component. And the big surprise was for Alzheimer's. We had seven different brain samples. We found zero enrichment in the brain samples for genetic variants associated with Alzheimer's. And this is mind boggling. Our brains were literally hurting. What is going on? And what is going on is that the brain samples are primarily neurons, oligodendrocytes, and astrocytes in terms of the cell types that make them up. So that basically indicated that genetic variants associated with Alzheimer's were probably not acting in oligodendrocytes, astrocytes, or neurons. So what could they be acting in? Well, the fourth major cell type is actually microglia. Microglia are resident immune cells in your brain. Oh, nice. They immune. Oh, wow. They are CD14 plus, which is this sort of cell surface markers of those cells. So they're CD14 plus cells, just like macrophages that are circulating in your blood. The microglia are resident monocytes that are basically sitting in your brain. They're tissue specific monocyt
 of course, the existentialists say life has no meaning, but it doesn't follow from that, that it's intrinsic, that it's meaningless. You know what the existential point is not that life is meaningless so much as it doesn't have one inevitable and intrinsic meaning, you know, which then it opens up, uh, you know, I think it was Kierkegaard who said consciousness gives us the possibility of possibilities. And, but there's another lunatic Oswald Spangler who wrote a book called, uh, decline of the West. And he says that the philosopher, the German philosopher Gerta, he says, the purpose of life is to live. And I let that's, so that's one of my pieces of advice. So the possibility of possibilities, it's interesting. So what do you do with this kind of sea of possibilities? Like, well, this is one of the, when, when young folks talk to me, especially these days, uh, is there swimming in a sea of possibilities? Yeah. Well, so this is great. And so that's another existential point, which is that we yearn for freedom. We react vigorously when we perceive that o
hat might be a negative scenario. But I mean, that's why we create technologies, to enhance ourselves. And I believe we will be enhanced when I'm just going to sit here with 300 million modules in our neocortex. We're going to be able to go beyond that. Because that's useful, but we can multiply that by 10, 100, 1,000, a million. And you might think, well, what's the point of doing that? It's like asking somebody that's never heard music, well, what's the value of music? I mean, you can't appreciate it until you've created it. There's some worry that there'll be a wealth disparity. Class or wealth disparity, only the rich people will be, basically, the rich people will first have access to this kind of thing, and then because of this kind of thing, because the ability to merge will get richer exponentially faster. And I say that's just like cell phones. I mean, there's like four billion cell phones in the world today. In fact, when cell phones first came out, you had to be fairly wealthy. They weren't very inexpensive. So you had to have some wealth in order to afford 
social media and just in life. When I met him, it was kind of interesting that, of course, there's, I mean, he's a legit engineer, so he's fun to talk to about the technical things, but he also just the way the humor and the way he sees life, it just like refuses to be conventional. So it's a constant leap into the unknown. And one of the things that he does, and this isn't even like fake. A lot of people say, cause he's a CEO, there's a business owner. So he's trying to make money. No, I think I looked him in his eyes. I mean, this is real, is a lot of the things he believes that are going to be accomplished that a lot of others are saying are impossible, like autonomous vehicles. He truly believes it. To me, that is the leap of faith of I'm almost going like, we're like the entirety of our experience is shrouded in mystery. We don't know what the hell's going to happen. We don't know what we're actually capable of as human beings. And he just takes the leap. He fully believes that we can, you know, we can go to, we can colonize Mars. I mean, how, how crazy
s dragged out and shot. He lived but just based on a rumor that he was in the IRA and I wasn't happy to see what happened to my mom's people because they were victimized and brutalized by England at that time. But blowing up bombs and killing innocents in the name of that, it doesn't make it right. I couldn't justify something like that. I can see, I was a cop, I was a soldier and you never wanna take life and those jobs but sometimes you have to. But you don't do it with a vengeance, you don't do it with a thirst, you do it because it's necessary for survival. When you do it out of a bloodlust, out of a thirst, out of a cause, that's evil, there's something wrong with you, I have no, I respect life to the highest level. I mean, I'm very, life is sacred to me, it's precious, it's beyond, it's not a commodity, it's a gift. But to take life just so randomly, so there's something way wrong with that person and maybe I'm a conflicted soul but I would have no problem seeing someone like that put to death because they do not deserve life. There's many childr
hink just last week, China announced that they're going to try to level off their CO2 emissions in like 2030. So 2031, they'll only put as much CO2 into the atmosphere as they did in 2030, which is still a lot of CO2 in 2060, they're saying will be net zero. So if everyone in the world does that and the PPM of CO2 in the atmosphere by then is say 450 parts per million, it'll stay at 450 parts per million until we take it out. And taking it out is hard. It's a big, it took us a long time. We had to empty out huge coal mines and oil reservoirs and burn all that stuff. We had to chop down forests and dig up peat bogs in order to create all of that CO2. And so we have to reverse all of those processes somehow in order to remove the CO2 and get it back down, hopefully into the 200 and some parts per million range where it used to be. So how about you get a single Texas billionaire to have a massive gun that blasts huge quantities of sulfur into the upper atmosphere. That's idea number one. This is called solar geoengineering. And it's a, we know that it's a possibility o
hed a little bit of your guy's show. I watched a little bit of your guy's conversation. So this is really good to ask you because... I like how he's in the white suit and you're in the white and black. But he lives in New York City. He espouses ideas of anarchism and his idea, and this is different than sort of the Ayn Rand set of ideas that there's a line between sort of capitalism that's backed by the state and just pure anarchism. And his idea that violence won't take over in an anarchism is one that feels to me not grounded in reality. I may be wrong. So is there some, so the idea with pure capitalism is that... You mean laissez faire, completely deregulated? Yeah. Yeah, well, what it will agree, it'll end up in one, it'll end up in, if you're anti globalist, it's gonna be that. It's gonna be globalist 100% because it has no... Pure capitalism has no consideration for your native users or of any sort, like it doesn't matter. But the idea of governments is that the land, the little piece of land geographically you're born on means you're going to stick to
g is a place and a mechanism for startups to go from zero to success to try to develop a blueprint it's actually a place for us to build startups from scratch so we often bring in founders and work with them or maybe even have existing ideas that we match founders with and then this launches you know hopefully into successful companies so how close are you to figuring out a way to automate the process of starting from scratch and building a successful AI startup yeah I think we've been constantly improving and iterating on our processes how we do that so things like you know how many customer calls do we need to make in order to get customer validation how do we make sure this technology can be built quite a lot of our businesses need cutting edge machine learning algorithms so you know kind of algorithms have developed in the last one or two years and even if it works in a research paper it turns out taking the production is really hard there are a lot of issues for making these things work in the real life th
a way that a human can understand. On the other hand, we can take these equations to a computer, to gigantic computers and compute. And by God, you get the world from it. So these equations in a way that we don't understand in terms of human concepts, we can't do the calculations, but our machines can do them. So with the help of what I like to call our silicon friends and their descendants in the future, we can understand in a different way that allows us to understand more. But I don't think we'll ever, no human is ever going to be able to solve those equations in the same way. So, but I think that's, you know, when we find limitations to our natural abilities, we can try to find workarounds. And sometimes that's appropriate concepts. Sometimes it's appropriate instruments. Sometimes it's a combination of the two. But I think it's premature to get defeatist about it. I don't see any logical contradiction or paradox or limitation that will bring this process to a halt. Well, I think the idea is to continue thinking outside the box in differe
r felt quite as much like I'm part of the future as now. Have you ever worn a brain interface or had your brain imaged? Oh, never had my brain imaged. The only way I've analyzed my brain is by talking to myself and thinking. No direct data. Yeah, that is definitely a brain interface that has a lot of blind spots. It has some blind spots, yeah. Psychotherapy. That's right. All right, are we recording? Yeah, we're good. All right. So Lex, the objective of this, I'm going to tell you some jokes and your objective is to not smile, which as a Russian, you should have an edge. Make the motherland proud. I gotcha. Okay. Let's hear the jokes. Lex, and this is from the Colonel Crew. We've been working on a device that can read your mind and we would love to see your thoughts. Is that the joke? That's the opening. Okay. If I'm seeing the muscle activation correctly on your lips, you're not going to do well on this. Let's see. All right, here comes the first. I'm screwed. Here comes the first one. Is this going to break the device? Is it resilient to laughter? Lex, what go
er regulators underlying changes in the brain that are sort of found in schizophrenia are in fact affecting excitatory neurons and inhibitory neurons in pathways that are active both in synaptic pruning, but also in early development. We've basically found this set of four regulators that are connecting these two processes that were previously separate in schizophrenia in sort of having a sort of more unified view across those two sides. The second one is in the area of metabolism. We basically now have a beautiful collaboration with the Goodyear lab that's basically looking at multi tissue perturbations in six or seven different tissues across the body in the context of exercise and in the context of nutritional interventions using both mouse and human, where we can basically see what are the cell to cell communications that are changing across them. And what we're finding is this immense role of both immune cells as well as adipocyte stem cells in sort of reshaping that circuitry of all of these different tissues an
at everywhere in the whole universe, early in the history, matter came together into a very hot, very dense, if you run it backwards in time, matter comes together into a very hot, very dense and yet very homogeneous plasma of all the different kinds of elementary particles and quarks and anti quarks and gluons and photons and electrons and anti electrons, everything, all of that stuff. Like really hot. Really, really, really hot. We're talking about way, way hotter than the surface of the sun. Well, in fact, if you take the equations as they come, the prediction is that the temperature just goes to infinity, but then the equations break down. We don't really, there are various, the equations become infinity equals infinity, so they don't feel that it's called a singularity. We don't really know. This is running the equations backwards, so you can't really get a sensible idea of what happened before the Big Bang. So we need different equations to address the very earliest moments. But so things were hotter and denser. We don't really know why t
ld reconstruct their product or incorporate those knowns. So it'd be, and so this is the dimensionality that I think is the promising aspect is that people will be able to use this quantification, use this information to build more effective products. And this is, I'm not talking about better products to advertise to you or manipulate you. I'm talking about our focus is helping people, individuals have this contextual awareness and this quantification and then to engage with others who are seeking to improve people's lives, that the objective is betterment across ourselves, individually and also with each other. Yeah, so it's a nice data stream to have if you're building an app, like if you're building a podcast listening app, it would be nice to know data about the listener so that like if you're bored or you fell asleep, maybe pause the podcast, it's like really dumb, just very simple applications that could just improve the quality of the experience of using the app. I'm imagining if you have your neural, this is Lex and there's a sta
his in detail called The Block Size War by Jonathan Beer. It's a great description of, in 2017, essentially the miners thought that they can control Bitcoin. You know, they had, there was one mining company that produced the majority of the machines that were on the network and they, and their allies had control of the machines that were out there and they controlled the majority of the hash rate and they thought that they could change Bitcoin's supply, not supply, sorry, they could change Bitcoin's block size, which is a tiny little detail, technical parameters, not even all that big of a deal for the economics of it. But they thought that they could pass this change, they could force this change on the network. And the members of the network rejected it and they weren't able to do it. So the nodes are what is sovereign. The nodes are what determine the rules of the game. The miners are a service provider. The miners invest capital upfront. You know, they buy the machines, they buy the electricity, they buy the storage, they buy the locatio
 two main ingredients of our model of matter that's so successful, it's a little more complicated because the quarks and gluons that appear in our equations don't appear directly as particles you can isolate and study individually. They always occur within what are called bound states or structures like protons. A proton, roughly speaking, is composed of three quarks and a lot of gluons but we can detect them in a remarkably direct way actually nowadays, whereas at relatively low energies, the behavior of quarks is complicated. At high energies, they can propagate through space relatively freely for a while and we can see their tracks. So ultimately, they get recaptured into protons and other mesons and funny things but for a short time, they propagate freely and while that happens, we can take snapshots and see their manifestations. Actually, this kind of thing is exactly what I got the Nobel Prize for, predicting that this would work. And similarly for gluons, although you can't isolate them as individual particles and study the
 and suffering. But after coming to America for me, there was a sense of hope, like all of it was behind us, a bad dream to be forgotten as we enter into the new century. On 9 11, when I saw the news of the second plane hitting the towers, my sense of hope had changed. I understood that the 21st century, like the century before, would too have its tragedies, its evildoers, its wars, and its suffering. And unlike the history books, these stories will involve all of us. They will involve me in however small and insignificant a role, but one that nevertheless carries the responsibility to help. I became an American that day, a citizen of the world. I felt the common humanity in all of us. I felt the unity and the love in the days that followed. And I think most of the world shared in this feeling that we are all in this together. Evil cannot defeat the human spirit. There were many heroes sung and unsung on that day and in the years after. Often politicians fail to rightfully honor the service and sacrifice of these heroes. There's much I coul
 the national currency, all roads lead to a Bitcoin. So more and more people are gonna buy Bitcoin, the price of Bitcoin is going to go up. And as it goes up, Bitcoin becomes a more significant part of the world economy. And this is something that the skeptics don't get. Like a lot of the academic skeptics to Bitcoin, they offer up all of these theories about why they think Bitcoin can't work and then they present it and they think, they've delivered the knockout blow as if Bitcoin needs their permission or the world is going to need their permission. Well, the reality is people are gonna join Bitcoin out of greed, out of self interest. Number go up technology is really what's going to get everybody in. And that's really the Trojan horse for fixing the world. Come for the greed and stay for the revolution. It's gonna keep going up because people don't like to be poor, except for most economists and academics. People don't like to be poor. People don't enjoy getting their wealth destroyed and they care more about their self interest than
do all kinds of things like measure gene expression by hybridization, by measuring the genotype of a person, by looking at hybridization with one version with a T versus the other version with a C, and then sort of figuring out that I am a risk carrier for obesity based on these differential hybridization in my genome that says, oh, you seem to only have this allele or you seem to have that allele. These can also be used to systematically synthesize small fragments of DNA. So you can basically synthesize these 150 nucleotide long fragments across 450,000 spots at a time. You can now take the result of that synthesis, which basically works through all of these sort of layers of adding one nucleotide at a time. You can basically just type it into your computer and order it, and you can basically order 10,000 or 100,000 of these small DNA segments at a time. And that's where awesome molecular biology comes in. You can basically take all these segments, have a common start and end barcode or sort of like Gator, just like pieces of a puzzle. You can mak
ld say that an intelligence notion, which ignores computational limits is extremely useful. A good intelligence notion, which includes these resources would be even more useful, but we don't have that yet. And so look at other fields outside of computer science, computational aspects never play a fundamental role. You develop biological models for cells, something in physics, these theories, I mean, become more and more crazy and harder and harder to compute. Well, in the end, of course, we need to do something with this model, but this is more a nuisance than a feature. And I'm sometimes wondering if artificial intelligence would not sit in a computer science department, but in a philosophy department, then this computational focus would be probably significantly less. I mean, think about the induction problem is more in the philosophy department. There's virtually no paper who cares about, how long it takes to compute the answer. That is completely secondary. Of course, once we have figured out the first problem, so intelligence without
g the toe in, but maybe at some point we'll just dive into the pool and it'll just be all seen as the same thing. I do still wonder what's more fundamental, whether vision is, whether we don't think about vision correctly. Maybe the fact, because we're humans and we see things as beautiful and so on, and because we have cameras that are taking pixels as a 2D image, that we don't sufficiently think about vision as language. Maybe Chomsky is right all along, that vision is fundamental to, sorry, that language is fundamental to everything, to even cognition, to even consciousness. The base layer is all language, not necessarily like English, but some weird abstract representation, linguistic representation. Yeah, well, earlier we talked about the social structures and that may be what's underlying the language, and that's the more fundamental part, and then language has been added on top of that. Language emerges from the social interaction. Yeah, that's a very good guess. We are visual animals, though. A lot of the brain is dedicated to vision, and a
situation like you were in in 9 11? You know, that's kind of a broad term. Like some, you know, you can go to different firehouses and they might have a different definition of what they consider a great firefighter. But I think in the industry as a whole, if you're willing to put everyone else before you, especially your team, you know, as we say, there ain't no I in team, right? It's T E A M and there's no I in there. It's all about those guys and girls next to you. If you can do that, that makes you pretty great. You put everything else second and you just run in and you run in with that team for strangers. You know, I've had the honor of, I spent almost 25 years of my adult life serving humanity, my country, my former city. And the people I worked with were giants. And I don't mean that in height, I mean, but I mean that in spirit and in soul. I saw some of the most heroic, selfless acts. And then I saw some of the behind the scenes that were so impressive. You know, we'd go to the movies, so impressive, you know, we'd go to a fire around Christmas and 
t are the epigenomic enrichments. And the reason for that, you know, thankfully is that there is convergence, that the same processes are impacted in different ways by different loci. And that's a saving grace for our field. The fact that if I look at hundreds of genetic variants associated with Alzheimer's, they localize in a small number of processes. Can you clarify why that's hopeful? So like they show up in the same exact way in the, in the specific set of processes. Yeah. So basically there's a small number of biological processes that underlie, or at least that play the biggest role in every disorder. So in Alzheimer's you basically have, you know, maybe 10 different types of processes. One of them is lipid metabolism. One of them is immune cell function. One of them is neuronal energetics. So these are just a small number of processes, but you have multiple lesions, multiple genetic perturbations that are associated with those processes. So if you look at schizophrenia, it's excitatory neuron function, it's inhibitory neuron function, 
ike this and they don't appear to me to be conscious. As we eliminate various problems of these large language models, more and more people will accept that they're conscious. So when we get to 2029, I think a large fraction of people will believe that they're conscious. So it's not gonna happen all at once. I believe it will actually happen gradually and it's already started to happen. And so that takes us one step closer to the singularity. Another step then is in the 2030s when we can actually connect our neocortex, which is where we do our thinking, to computers. And I mean, just as this actually gains a lot to being connected to computers that will amplify its abilities, I mean, if this did not have any connection, it would be pretty stupid. It could not answer any of your questions. If you're just listening to this, by the way, Ray's holding up the all powerful smartphone. So we're gonna do that directly from our brains. I mean, these are pretty good. These already have amplified our intelligence. I'm already much smarter than I would otherwis
ion came. It was like, wow, the tower's down. So now it was like, wow, this is really on. So we just took off and got that boss. And so if you thought many of the guys on 114 were dead, if you thought that, did you think you were going to die? I mean, if you're rushing towards the rubble? As crazy as it sounds, I never thought that the other tower would go down. I said, OK, maybe some freak chance that one went down. But no, the other one's not going to go. They're built so strong. I was in those towers so many times. I mean, I ate dinner up in the top floor restaurant windows on the world. And I'm saying, nah, there's no way. Like, how the hell did this one happen? But I was having a hard time mentally processing that the building was gone. And believe me, if you don't have fear in this industry and police, fire, military, then you're kidding yourself or you're a danger to everyone. I don't care who it is, as tough as they are, this and that. Everybody has a certain level of fear with doing this. And I don't care how long you do it, there's always that chance of
ing, what are you doing? Now I will work late into the day. If I could, I would work 16 hours. It's my passion just like yours. So I don't feel shame around that, but I have changed my mentality around that. It's complicated because I'm probably happiest going to bed, if I'm being honest, like at 5 a.m. That's fine. You're just an extreme evening type. But the problem is it's not that I'm ashamed for it. I actually kind of enjoy it because I get to sleep through all the nonsense of like the morning. Isn't that a beautiful thing? Like people are busy with their emails and I just am happy as a cow. And I wake up after all the drama has been resolved. And cows are happy and the drama has been resolved. Exactly. But in society you do, especially, I mean this is what I think about is when you work on a larger team, especially with companies, you are, everybody's awake at the same time. So that's definitely been a struggle to try to figure out, just like you said, how to balance that, how to fit into society and yet be optimal for your chronotype, you said. Yea
Do you think it's interesting to ask, and you could say the same for Stalin, the more personal question of how do you feel yourself about this whole thing? About your life, about your legacy, looking at the person that's one of the most powerful and important people in the history of civilization, both Putin and Stalin, you could argue. Yeah. Once you experience power at that level, it becomes something that's almost necessary for you as a human being. It's a drug. It's an aphrodisiac. It's a feeling. You know, you go to the gym to exercise and the endorphins, the chemicals get released. And even if you're tired or you're sore, you get this massive chemical change, which has very dynamic effects on how you feel and the kind of level of energy you have for the rest of the day. And if you do that for a long time and then you don't do it for a while, you're like a drug addict not getting your fix. You miss it. Your body misses that release of endorphins to a certain extent. That's how power works for people like Putin. That's how power works for pe
g before what we call life started to leave relics. So we can find forms of life, primitive forms of life that are almost as old as the Earth itself in the sense that once the Earth was turned from a very hot boiling thing and cooled off into a solid mass with water, life emerged very, very quickly. So it seems that these general conditions for life are enough to make it happen relatively quickly. Now, the other lesson I think that one can draw from this one example, it's dangerous to draw lessons from one example, but that's all we've got, and that the emergence of intelligent life is a different issue altogether. That took a long time and seems to have been pretty contingent for a long time. Well, for most of the history of life, it was single celled things. Even multicellular life only rose about 600 million years ago, so much after. And then intelligence is kind of a luxury. Many more kinds of creatures have big stomachs than big brains. In fact, most have no brains at all in any reasonable sense. And the dinosaurs ruled for a long
irst thing I can do is foot sweep you on your back and then pull my knife and just go stick. Is there a thread that connects all of these different arts from not just arts, but from the very base violence of war, just like you said that there's no rules to the very regimented IBJF. I do. Jiu Jitsu tournaments and just, you've kind of laid out some of it, but can you go all the way to the. So when you start off with absolute skills in the sense of absolute offense and defense in the taking or preserving of life, right? Full on at its purest form of self defense and self preservation, okay? And then you extrapolate part of that in that all animals train in violence. All play usually degenerates into some sort of soft violence. So be it cats when they're kittens and puppies and everything learns how to kill, how to fight. Not that, you know, just that dumb alpha meme stuff where the idea is that, oh, by being alpha, that means you run around like basically just being a bully and a shithead. No, actually alpha wolves spend very little tim
rties of those cells. What is the calcium influx rate when I have this genetic variation? What is the synaptic density? What is the electric impulse conductivity and so on and so forth? So you can measure things along this path to disease, and you can also measure endophenotypes. You can basically measure your brain activity. You can do imaging in the brain. You can basically measure, I don't know, the heart rate, the pulse, the lipids, the amount of blood secreted and so on and so forth. And then through all of that, you can basically get at the path to causality, the path to disease. And is there something beyond cellular? So you mentioned lifestyle interventions or changes as a way to, or like be able to prescribe changes in lifestyle. Like what about organs? What about like the function of the body as a whole? Yeah, absolutely. So basically when you go to your doctor, they always measure, you know, your pulse. They always measure your height. They always measure your weight, you know, your BMI. So basically these are just very basic vari
's simple, but it's a groundbreaking idea that bigger data sets will result in better performance. It was controversial at the time. Some of my well meaning friends, senior people in the machine learning community, I won't name, but some of whom we know, my well meaning friends came and were trying to give me friendly, I was like, hey, Andrew, why are you doing this? This is crazy. It's in the near natural architecture. Look at these architectures of building. You just want to go for scale? Like this is a bad career move. So my well meaning friends, some of them were trying to talk me out of it. But I find that if you want to make a breakthrough, you sometimes have to have conviction and do something before it's popular, since that lets you have a bigger impact. Let me ask you just a small tangent on that topic. I find myself arguing with people saying that greater scale, especially in the context of active learning, so very carefully selecting the data set, but growing the scale of the data set is going to lead to even further breakthroug
came friendly with Neuropace who does the implants for seizure detection and remediation. And I saw in their eyes what it was like to take something through an implantable device through for a 15 year run. They initially thought it was seven years and ended up being 15 years. And they thought it'd be a hundred million because it was 300, 400 million. And I really didn't want to build invasive technology. It was the only thing that appeared to be possible. But then once I spun up an internal effort to start looking at noninvasive options, we said, is there something here? Is there anything here that again has the characteristics of it has the high quality data, it could be low cost, it could be accessible. Could it make brain interfaces mainstream? And so I did a bet the company move. We shifted from noninvasive to invasive to noninvasive. So the answer is yes to that. There is something there that's possible. The answer is we'll see. We've now built both technologies and they're now you experienced one of them today. We were applying, we're now d
here advice you can give to young people today, besides reading Russian literature at a young age, about how to find their way in life, how to find success in Korea or just life in general? My own belief, it may not be very deep, but I believe it. I think you should follow your dreams and you should have dreams and follow your dreams if you can, to the extent that you can. And we spend a lot of our time doing something with ourselves. In my case, physics, in your case, I don't know, whatever it is, machine learning and this. Yeah, you should have fun. What was... Wait, wait, wait. Follow your dreams. What dream did you have? Because there's... Well, originally, I was... Because you didn't follow your dream. I thought you were supposed to be a writer. I changed along the way. I was gonna be, but I changed. What happened? That was... What happened? Oh, I read... I decided to take the most serious literature course in my high school, which was a mistake. I'd probably be a second rate writer now. And... Could be a Nobel Prize winning writer. And the book that we read, eve
al, something that is your actual thing that you want but you just reward solutions that are different from what you've seen before, nothing else. And you know what? You actually discover things that are interesting and useful that way. Ken Stanley and Joel Lehmann did this one study where they actually tried to evolve walking behavior on robots. And that's actually, we talked about earlier where your robot actually failed in all kinds of ways and eventually discovered something that was a very efficient walk. And it was because they rewarded things that were different that you were able to discover something. And I think that this is crucial because in order to be really different from what you already have, you have to utilize what is there in a domain to create something really different. So you have encoded the fundamentals of your world and then you make changes to those fundamentals you get further away. So that's probably what's happening in these systems of emergence. That the fundamentals are there. And when you follo
tement you believe to be true, but you haven't proven it. And so it might be an equation. I wanna show that this is equal to that. And you have some places you start with. You say, well, I know this is true, and I know this is true. And I think that maybe to get to the final proof, I need to go through some intermediate results. What I believe is happening is literally these equations or these points are assigned to a reference frame, a mathematical reference frame. And when you do mathematical operations, a simple one might be multiply or divide, but you might be a little plus transform or something else. That is like a movement in the reference frame of the math. And so you're literally trying to discover a path from one location to another location in a space of mathematics. And if you can get to these intermediate results, then you know your map is pretty good, and you know you're using the right operations. Much of what we think about is solving hard problems is designing the correct reference frame for that problem, figuring ou
you about how I started to think like, man, do the ability for human beings to live and or potentially flourish in the worst environments you can think of is pretty incredible in and of itself. And that it's a crazy thought to think that without Frankel and Maslow ending up in concentration camps, do they write some of the most important books on philosophy in the 20th century? And that's insane on a lot of different levels. But, yeah, suffering is a creative force. I mean, I don't, do you think we'll always have war? Yes, we will always have war in some form or another. We need, quote unquote, air quotes, for those just listening, war to survive. We need war to flourish. We need at least. Can you explain the quote, the air quotes around the war? Well, because take, take, take, take the. You see wars as violence? No, wars are not violence. So like, so when we're talking. No, air quotes because while us getting on the mat or just getting on these hardwood floors and wrestling around is not literal war, it's war of a sorts. It is a diluted form of war. Am
rain and learn the agent, even if you don't intend to later put it sort of, this algorithm in a robot brain and leave it forever in the virtual reality, getting experience in a, although it's just simulated 3D world, is possibly, and I say possibly, important to understand things on a similar level as humans do, especially if the agent or primarily if the agent needs to interact with the humans. If you talk about objects on top of each other in space and flying and cars and so on, and the agent has no experience with even virtual 3D worlds, it's probably hard to grasp. So if you develop an abstract agent, say we take the mathematical path and we just want to build an agent which can prove theorems and becomes a better and better mathematician, then this agent needs to be able to reason in very abstract spaces and then maybe sort of putting it into 3D environments, simulated or not is even harmful. It should sort of, you put it in, I don't know, an environment which it creates itself or so. It seems like you have a interesting, rich, comp
along? Like, why aren't more people seriously working on human level and superhuman level intelligence from a formal perspective? Okay, from a formal perspective, that's sort of an extra point. So I think there are a couple of reasons. I mean, AI came in waves, right? You know, AI winters and AI summers, and then there were big promises which were not fulfilled, and people got disappointed. And that narrow AI solving particular problems, which seemed to require intelligence, was always to some extent successful, and there were improvements, small steps. And if you build something which is useful for society or industrial useful, then there's a lot of funding. So I guess it was in parts the money, which drives people to develop a specific system solving specific tasks. But you would think that, at least in university, you should be able to do ivory tower research. And that was probably better a long time ago, but even nowadays, there's quite some pressure of doing applied research or translational research, and it's harder to get grants as a t
our time doing is trying to make a very good list of the things we don't understand yet. That's the key part here. What are the constraints? It's not like, oh, this thing seems to work, we're done. No, it's like, okay, it kind of works, but these are other things we know it has to do and it's not doing those yet. I would say we're well on the way here. We're not done yet. There's a lot of trickiness to this system, but the basic principles about how different layers in the neocortex are doing much of this, we understand. But there's some fundamental parts that we don't understand as well. So what would you say is one of the harder open problems or one of the ones that have been bothering you, keeping you up at night the most? Oh, well, right now, this is a detailed thing that wouldn't apply to most people, okay? Sure. But you want me to answer that question? Yeah, please. We've talked about as if, oh, to predict what you're going to sense on this coffee cup, I need to know where my finger is gonna be on the coffee cup. That is true, but it's insufficient. Th
tain age. And yeah, there is something to that. I feel, you know, I feel I don't have to catch, I don't have to keep in touch with the latest hypertechnical developments in particle physics or string theory or something. I, because I'm not gonna, I'm really not gonna be exploiting that. But I, but where I am exploring in these directions of machine learning and things like that. And, but then, but I'm also concentrating within physics on exploiting directions that I've already established and the laws that we already have and doing things like, I'm very actively involved in trying to design, helping people, experimentalists and engineers even to design antennas that are capable of detecting axions. So there, and that's, there we're deep in the exploitation stage. It's not a matter of finding the new laws, but of really, you know, using the laws we have to kind of finish the story off. So it's complicated, but I'm, you know, I'm very happy with my life right now and I'm enjoying it and I don't wanna cloud that by thinking too much that it's gonna come t
ut there's a romantic notion of war that somehow there's a creative force to it, that because we fight, out of that fighting comes culture, comes music and art, and more and more desire to create with the societies that win. And to me, war is not just, hey, I have a stick and I want your land. It's some kind of, like it has echoes of the creative force that makes humans unique to other animals. Like, war is, it can't be just four people or 10 people or 100 people. You have to have thousands of people agreeing, usually thousands or more, for something so deeply that you would be willing to risk your own life. And there's a romantic notion to that. And because you've written so well and passionate about some of these, I wanted to see, because I don't have any answers, I wanted to untangle that. If there is a reason we fight that's more than just anger and hate and a way to conquer. Well, let me take it from a completely different side. I don't think that I, in writing about war, am really that interested in war per se. I'm more interested in the metapho
, we're gonna have more and more of this data because we're gonna have none of us that are inside our neocortex and we're gonna collect a lot of data. In fact, anything that's data is always collected. There is something a little bit sad, which is becoming, or maybe it's hopeful, which is more and more common these days, which when a person passes away, you have their Twitter account, and you have the last tweet they tweeted, like something they needed. And you can recreate them now with large language models and so on. I mean, you can create somebody that's just like them and can actually continue to communicate. I think that's really exciting because I think in some sense, like if I were to die today, in some sense I would continue on if I continued tweeting. I tweet, therefore I am. Yeah, well, I mean, that's one of the advantages of a replicant, they can recreate the communications of that person. Do you hope, do you think, do you hope humans will become a multi planetary species? You've talked about the phases, the six epochs, and one of them
EM sleep, it is the only time during the 24 hour period where your brain is devoid of any noradrenaline, it is completely shut off. And so the signal to noise ratio is very different. It's almost as though we're injecting a greater amount of noise into the neural architecture of the brain during dream sleep, as if it's chemically brute forced into this relaxed associative memory processing state. And then from an anatomical perspective, just as I described, the prefrontal cortex goes down and other regions light up. So it is a state that seems to be very, I mean, if you were to show me a brain scan of REM sleep and tell me that it's not REM sleep, just say, look, based on the pattern of this brain activity, what would you say is going on in this person's mind? I would say, well, they're probably not rational. They're probably not having logical thought because their prefrontal cortex is down. They're probably feeling very emotional because their amygdala is active, which is an emotional center of the brain. They're definitely going to be thi
ind of priorities that society is giving you as granted. Instead, you're choosing to act in accordance with the priorities that you think are most important in the world. And often that involves then doing quite unusual things from a societal perspective, like donating a large chunk of your earnings or working on these weird issues about AI and so on that other people might not understand. Yeah, I think that's a really gutsy thing to do. That is taking control. That's at least at this stage. I mean, that's you taking ownership, not of just yourself, but your presence in this world that's full of suffering and saying as opposed to being paralyzed by that notion is taking control and saying I could do something. Yeah, I mean, that's really powerful. But I mean, sort of the one thing I personally hate too about the left currently that I think those folks to detect is the social signaling. When you look at yourself, sort of late at night, would you do everything you're doing in terms of effective altruism if your name, because you're quite p
s rights to what. She would have somebody that she could visit with and might give her some satisfaction. And she wouldn't care about any of these other rights. What does your wife think about multiple rake or as wells? Have you had that discussion? I haven't addressed that with her. I think ultimately that's an important question, loved ones, how they feel about. There's something about love. Well, that's the key thing, right? If the loved one's rejected, it's not gonna work very well, so. So the loved ones really are the key determinant, whether or not this works or not. But there's also ethical rules. We have to contend with the idea, and we have to contend with that idea with AI. But what's gonna motivate it is, I mean, I talk to people who really miss people who are gone and they would love to get something back, even if it isn't perfect. And that's what's gonna motivate this. And that person lives on in some form. And the more data we have, the more we're able to reconstruct that person and allow them to live on. And eventually as we go forward
I think that's the only reason that you would do it because economically it just makes more sense to build rotating cylindrical space habitats and make them perfect. Well, isn't everything done for religious reasons? Like why do we exploration? Why do we go to the moon again and do the other things? What does JFK said is not because they're easy, but because they're hard. Isn't that kind of a religious reason? I knew a veteran of the Apollo program who once said that the Apollo moon landings were communism's greatest achievement. Yeah, so the conflict between nations is a kind of... Not exactly a religion, but it's what you're talking about. Well, it's a struggle for meaning and that meaning isn't found in some kind of... It's hard to find meaning in mathematics. It's found in some kind of in music and religion, whatever, art. Some people do, but those are probably not enough of them to... People that find meaning in mathematics, they usually find meaning between the lines nevertheless, not in the actual proving some kind of thing. So from a cost per
rt of, which neurons are active and the connections between them, that you get some very desirable properties. So one of the current hot topics in deep learning right now are these adversarial examples. So, you know, you give me any deep learning network and I can give you a picture that looks perfect and you're going to call it, you know, you're going to say the monkey is, you know, an airplane. So that's a problem. And DARPA just announced some big thing. They're trying to, you know, have some contest for this. But if you enforce sparse representations here, many of these problems go away. They're much more robust and they're not easy to fool. So we've already shown some of those results, just literally in January or February, just like last month we did that. And you can, I think it's on bioRxiv right now, or on iRxiv, you can read about it. But, so that's like a baby step, okay? That's taking something from the brain. We know about sparseness. We know why it's important. We know what it gives the brain. So let's try to enforce that onto this. What's y
own deliberations, I had a missing piece of the puzzle, because I didn't feel like, yeah, I didn't feel like the future could be deduced from first principles thinking. And that's when I read the book, Zero, A Biography of a Dangerous Idea. And I... It's a really good book, by the way. I think it's my favorite book I've ever read. It's also a really interesting number, zero. And I wasn't aware that the number zero had to be discovered. I didn't realize that it caused a revolution in philosophy and just tore up math and it tore up, I mean, it builds modern society, but it wrecked everything in its way. It was an unbelievable disruptor, and it was so difficult for society to get their heads around it. And so zero is, of course, the representation of a zero principle thinking, which is it's the caliber and consequential nature of an idea. And so when you talk about what kind of ideas have civilization transforming properties, oftentimes they fall in the zeroth category. And so in thinking this through, I was wanting to find a quantitative structure on
member like little experiments that were done along the way to prove to the team themselves that this is even possible? Because I work with quite a bit of robots, and to me, the idea that you could do it this precisely is humbling and embarrassing, frankly. Because like, this is another level of precision that I can't even, because robots are a mess. And this is basically one of the most precise robots ever. Right. So like, is there, do you have any like small scale experiments that were done that just be like, this is possible? Yeah, and larger scale. We made a test, that also has to be in vacuum too, but we made test chambers that had this system in it, our first mock of this system, so we could test it and optimize it and make it work. But it's just a mechanical engineering problem. Okay. And humans are just ape descendants. I gotcha. I gotcha. Is there any video of this? Like some kind of educational purpose visualizations of this act of canceling? I don't think so. I mean, does this live on? Well, we work for parts of it, for the active ca
perience. Can you maybe speak to what kind of opportunities that opens up that stream of data, that rich stream of data from the brain? First, I'm curious, what is your reaction? What comes to mind when you put that on your head? What does it mean to you? And what possibilities emerge and what significance might it have? I'm curious where your orientation is at. Well, for me, I'm really excited by the possibility of various information about my body, about my mind being converted into data, such that data can be used to create products that make my life better. So that to me is really exciting possibility. Even just like a Fitbit that measures, I don't know, some very basic measurements about your body is really cool. But the bandwidth of information, the resolution of that information is very crude, so it's not very interesting. The possibility of just building a data set coming in a clean way and a high bandwidth way from my brain opens up all kinds of... I was kind of joking when we were talking, but it's not really, it's like I feel heard
 that we actually need to address today it's not the hardest problems we need to address today it's not the hard problems we need to address today I think bias is a huge issue I worry about wealth and equality the AI and internet are causing an acceleration of concentration of power because we can now centralize data use AI to process it and so industry after industry we've affected every industry so the internet industry has a lot of win and take most or win and take all dynamics but we've infected all these other industries so we're also giving these other industries most of them to take all flavors so look at what Uber and Lyft did to the taxi industry so we're doing this type of thing it's a lot and so this so we're creating tremendous wealth but how do we make sure that the wealth is fairly shared I think that and then how do we help people whose jobs are displaced you know I think education is part of it there may be even more that we need to do than education I think bias is a serious issue there are adverse u
reading good literature and there's nothing better than Russian literature, of course. Thank you. Reading good literature. So I read quite a bit of Russian literature at that time. And so you asked me about, well, I don't know, I'll say a few words, Dostoevsky. So what about Dostoevsky? For me, Dostoevsky was important in two, I mean, I've read a lot of literature because it's kind of the other thing I do with my life. And he made two incredible, in addition to his own literature, he influenced literature tremendously by having, I don't know how to pronounce polyphony. So he's the first real serious author that had multiple narrators. And he absolutely is the first. And he also was the first, he began existential literature. So the most important book that I've read in the last year when I've been forced to be isolated was existential literature. I decided to reread Camus, The Plague. Oh, yeah. That's a great book. It's a great book and it's right now to read it. It's fantastic. I think that book is about love, actually. Love for humanity. It is, but it ha
et culture, the philosophers, the intellectuals, the podcasts, the movies, music, all that stuff, driving culture. There's something above and beyond language in the United States. It's a sense of entertainment really mattering, how to connect with your audience, being direct and getting to the point, how humor is integrated even with science that is pretty strongly represented here, much more so than on the European continent. Britain has its own version of this, which it does very well, and not surprisingly, they're hugely influential in music, comedy, most of the other areas you mentioned. Canada, yes, but their best talent tends to come here, but you could say it's like a broader North American thing and give them their fair share of credit. What about science? There's a sense higher education is really strong, research is really strong in the United States, but it just feels like, culturally speaking, when we zoom out, scientists aren't very cool here. Most people wouldn't be able to name basically a single scientist. Maybe they would say lik
t even more than understanding the syntax. I remember when I was an undergrad at Carnegie Mellon, one of my friends would debug their code by first trying to compile it, and then it was C++ code. And then every line in the syntax error, they want to get rid of the syntax errors as quickly as possible. So how do you do that? Well, they would delete every single line of code with a syntax error. So really efficient for getting rid of syntax errors for horrible debugging errors. So I think we learn how to debug. And I think in machine learning, the way you debug a machine learning program is very different than the way you do binary search or whatever, or use a debugger, trace through the code in traditional software engineering. So it's an evolving discipline, but I find that the people that are really good at debugging machine learning algorithms are easily 10x, maybe 100x faster at getting something to work. And the basic process of debugging is, so the bug in this case, why isn't this thing learning, improving, sort of going into the ques
 instead to do the small project that lets the organization learn and then build out from there but this is true both for individuals and for companies taking the first step and then taking small steps is the key should students pursue a PhD do you think you can do so much that's one of the fascinating things in machine learning you can have so much impact without ever getting a PhD so what are your thoughts should people go to grad school should people get a PhD? I think that there are multiple good options of which doing a PhD could be one of them I think that if someone's admitted to a top PhD program you know at MIT, Stanford, top schools I think that's a very good experience or if someone gets a job at a top organization at the top AI team I think that's also a very good experience there are some things you still need a PhD to do if someone's aspiration is to be a professor you know at the top academic university you just need a PhD to do that but if it goes to you know start a company, build a company do great t
 around the zero level you're hovering it like bliss. Yeah, and then you touch the flame and you're like, oh no, you're just slightly worse bliss. Yeah, but that's really bad compared to the bliss you were normally in so that you can have like a gradient of bliss instead of like pain and pleasure on that point. I think it's a really important point on the experience of suffering the relative nature of it. Maybe having grown up in the Soviet Union were quite poor by any measure and when I when I was in my childhood, but it didn't feel like you're poor because everybody around you were poor there's a and then in America, I feel I for the first time begin to feel poor. Yeah. Yeah, because of the road there's different. There's some cultural aspects to it that really emphasize that it's good to be rich. And then there's just the notion that there is a lot of income inequality and therefore you experience that inequality. That's where suffering go. Do you so what do you think about the inequality of suffering that that we have to think about d
 what conscious state you're in that you would be ready and receptive to. But Sense of a Woman, I think it has one of the best monologues at the end of the movie that has ever been written or at least performed. When Al Pacino defends the younger. Yeah, I often think about that. There's been times in my life, I don't know about you, where I wish I had an Al Pacino in my life, where integrity is really important in this life. It is. And sometimes you find yourself in places where there's pressure to sacrifice that integrity. And you want, what is it, Lieutenant Colonel or whatever he was. To come in. Slate. To come in on your side and scream at everyone and say, what the hell are we doing here? Being, you know, unfortunately British and sort of having that slightly awkward sort of Hugh Grant gene. It's very, very, very at the opposite end of the spectrum of the remarkable feat of Al Pacino at the end of that scene. But, and yeah, integrity is, it's a challenging thing and I value it much. And I think it can take 20 years to build a reputation and
s how long do civilizations last? We've barely gotten to where we can communicate with electricity and magnetism and maybe we'll wipe ourselves out pretty soon. Are you hopeful in general? Like you think we've got another couple of hundred years at least? Or are you worried? Well, no, I'm hopeful, but I don't know if I'm hopeful in the longterm. If you say, are we able to go for another couple of thousand years? I'm not sure. I think we have where we started, the fact that we can do things that don't allow us to kind of keep going or there can be, whether it ends up being a virus that we create or ends up being the equivalent of nuclear war or something else. It's not clear that we can control things well enough. So speaking of really cold conditions and not being hopeful and eventual suffering and destruction of the human species, let me ask you about Russian literature. You mentioned, how's that for transition? I'm doing my best here. You mentioned that you used to love literature when you were younger and you even were hoping to be a wri
 my life and I got the sense that it didn't really matter to her. She didn't have any empathy, as you say. It was exact, so why for her, why for a few others, was there not a special care, a special compassion for, first of all, all humans, but human beings in your position, especially a firefighter, a first responder? You know, Alex, I think what it is in the department, their title is just to get us back to duty as quickly as possible when we are either injured or sick because what happens then is your replacement is now in overtime so you're out being paid on medical leave but then they need to replace your spot and then that costs more money. So I think it just behooves them to get as many personnel back and especially during the summertime, they look at it like, oh, maybe you want a few extra days off to go to the beach and this one doctor, he tipped his hand back as if I was drinking an alcohol beverage, he says, hey, busy summer? Because I asked him to look at my spleen which was sticking out of my abdomen like a football and I s
energy molecules, lipids, which you can then burn when you need them on a rainy day. So that leads to obesity if you don't exercise and if you overeat because your body's like, oh great, I have all these calories. I'm going to store them. Ooh, more calories. I'm going to store them too. Ooh, more calories. So basically the 42% of European chromosomes have a predisposition to storing fat, which was selected probably in the food scarcity periods, like basically as we were exiting Africa before and during the ice ages, there was probably a selection to those individuals who made it North to basically be able to store energy, a lot more energy. So you basically now have this lineage that is deciding whether you want to store energy in your white fat or burn energy in your beige fat. It turns out that your fat is, you know, like we have such a bad view of fat. Fat is your best friend. Fat can both store all these excess lipids that would be otherwise circulating through your body and causing damage, but it can also burn calories directly. If yo
on that everybody's focusing on. But your metabolism impacts that, you know, bathtub. Basically your metabolism controls the rate at which you're burning energy. It controls the rate at which you're storing energy. And it also teaches you about the various valves that control the input and the output equation. So if we can learn from the genetics, the valves, we can then manipulate those valves. And even if the environment is feeding you a lot of fat and getting a little that out, you can just poke another hole at the bathtub and just get a lot of the fat out. Yeah, that's fascinating. Yeah. So we're not just passive observers of our genetics. The more we understand, the more we can come up with actual treatments. And I think that's an important aspect to realize when people are thinking about strong effect versus weak effect variants. So some variants have strong effects. We talked about these Mendelian disorders where a single gene has a sufficiently large effect, penetrance, expressivity, and so on and so forth, that basically you can 
s with those people. Yeah, they're in your life, you're listening to them, yeah. And I mean, they're as far away from real as it gets. There's not even a visual component. It's just audio. But they're as real, like if I was on a desert island, like my imagination, like this thing works pretty good in terms of imagination. It creates a very beautiful world with just audio. Or even just reading books. Exactly, reading books. Even more so with reading books because there are certain mediums which stimulate the imagination more. When you present less, the imagination works more and that can create really enriching experiences. To me, the question is, can you do some of the amazing things that make life amazing in virtual worlds? It seems to me the answer there is obviously yes. Even if I, like you, am attached to a lot of stuff in the physical world, I think I can very readily imagine coming up with some of the same magical experiences in the virtual world where you make friends and you can fall in love, where the source of love in your life is t
rain data was recorded today, the first thing we did in the kernel app was you have control over your data. And so it's individual consent, it's individual control. And then you can build up on top of that, but it has to be based upon some clear rules of play if everyone knows what's being collected, they know what's being done with it, and the person has control over it. So transparency and control. So everybody knows what does control look like, my ability to delete the data if I want. Yeah, delete it and to know who is being shared with under what terms and conditions. We haven't reached that level of sophistication with our products of if you say, for example, hey Spotify, please give me a customized playlist according to my neurome, you could say, you can have access to this vector space model, but only for this duration of time and then you've got to delete it. We haven't gotten there to that level of sophistication, but these are ideas we need to start talking about of how would you actually structure permissions? Yeah. And I think
The following is a conversation with Stephen Pressfield, author of several powerful nonfiction and historical fiction books, including The War of Art, a book that had a big impact on my life and the life of millions of people whose passion is to create in art, science, business, sport, and everywhere else. I highly recommend it and others of his books on this topic, including Turning Pro, Do the Work, Nobody Wants to Read Your Shit, and The Warrior Ethos. Also, his books Gets a Fire about the Spartans and the Battle of Thermopylae, The Lionsgate, Tides of War, and others are some of the best historical fiction novels ever written. As some of you know, I don't shy away from taking on a big, difficult challenge. One of the hardest for me and for millions of others is the discipline of staring at an empty page every day, pushing on to think deeply, to create, despite the millions of excuses that fill the head. In his work, Stephen has articulated this struggle better than anyone I've ever read. Quick summary of the ads. Two sponsors, The Jord
points. I just found them dialectically compatible and very powerful when combined. So one question I would ask here is about a science being speculative. You know, we understand a little about the human mind. You said you picked up Becker's book and, you know, it felt like it was onto something. That's the same thing I felt when I picked up Becker's book, probably also in my early 20s. You know, I read a lot of philosophy, but it felt like the question of the meaning of life kind of, you know, this seemed to be the most the closest to the truth somehow. It was onto something. So I guess the question I want to ask also is like how speculative is psychology? How like all of your life's work? How do you feel? How confident do you feel about the whole thing? About understanding our mind? I feel confidently unconfident to have both ways. Like what do we make of psychology? What do we make starting with Freud, you know, starting just our, or even just philosophy, even the aspects of the sciences, like, you know, my field of artificial intelligence, b
 sitting there at the keyboard or whatever, is applying his or her consciousness to that, but is also going into opening themselves to the unconscious or to this other realm, whatever that is. I mean, certainly songwriters for a million years have said, you know, a song just came into their head, right? A poem, just all they had to do was write. But then, you ever see that thing where, of Keats's notes for a thing of beauty is a joy forever? It's like covers an entire page, and it's like, you know, he's crossing this out and that out, and he has to go. His consciousness is, his conscious mind is working on it. But, so I do think it's a partnership. And I think that, I know when I was first starting out as a writer, I worked in advertising, and I tried to do novels that I could never do. I was like, really unskilled at getting to that, tuning into that station. I just, I beat my brains out and was unable to do it, you know, except in, because I was sort of trying too hard, it was sort of like a Zen monk or a monk of some kind trying to meditate and 
eing able to have death at my side, it feels good. And to be there and to think that this could be the one, like, why not, you know? I'm not a religious person at all, even though I very much have to seem, it seems to bang on the drum about the usefulness or understanding the usefulness of religion for people. But, you know, if I gotta do something, then yeah, put me in Valhalla, man. I don't wanna be anywhere else. Nothing else seems like a good place for me to be. I wanna fight all day long and feast all night. You know, it sounds great. I saw you throw your hat into the ring of Fader Emelianenko. Yes. He got COVID, I guess. I hope he overcomes it and comes out just as good, if not better. Epic with that. Did I understand correctly that might be his last fight? Yes, that's my understanding. And it would be epic as hell. And it would be epic as hell because the person that I wanna give my most to is a person that I respect, especially at this long career of mine and getting at this twilight years. It's like two warriors. And that's the thing abou
bit in a beautiful question and also in fundamentals is that when you have, symmetry is also a very important means of construction. So when you have for instance simple viruses that need to construct their coat, their protein coat, the coats often take the form of platonic solids and the reason is that the viruses are really dumb and they only know how to do one thing so they make a pentagon then they make another pentagon and they make another pentagon and they all glue together in the same way and that makes a very symmetrical object sort of. So the rules of development when you have simple rules and they work again and again, you get symmetrical patterns. That's kind of, in fact it's a recipe also for generating fractals, like the kind of broccoli that has all this internal structure and I wish I had a picture to show but maybe people remember it from the supermarket and you say how did a vegetable get so intelligent to make such a beautiful object with all this fractal structure and the secret is stupidity. You just
tion. In computation, we tend to rely more on mutation. And that is making random changes into parts of the chromosome. You can try to be intelligent and target certain areas of it and make the mutations also follow some principle. Like you collect statistics of performance and correlations and try to make mutations you believe are going to be helpful. That's where evolution computation has moved in the last 20 years. I mean, evolution computation has been around for 50 years, but a lot of the recent... Success comes from mutation. Yes, comes from using statistics. It's like the rest of machine learning based on statistics. We use similar tools to guide evolution computation. And in that sense, it has diverged a bit from biological evolution. And that's one of the things I think we could look at again, having a weaker selection, more crossover, large populations, more time, and maybe a different kind of creativity would come out of it. We are very impatient in evolution computation today. We want answers right now, right, quickly. And if somebo
Is it that you wish you hadn't eaten as much as you did? Is it that? I think, well, the most regret, I mean, if we want to be specific, I drank way too much like that. Like diet soda. My biggest regret is like having drank so much diet soda. That's the thing that really was the problem. I had trouble sleeping because of that. Because I was like programming and then I was editing. And so I'd stay up late at night and then I had to get up to go pee a few times and it was just a mess. A mess of a night. It was, well, it's not really a mess, but like it's so many, it's like the little things. I know if I just eat, I drink a little bit of water and that's it, and there's a certain, all of us have perfect days that we know diet wise and so on that's good to follow, you feel good. I know what it takes for me to do that. I didn't fully do that and thereby, because there's an avalanche effect where the other sources of stress, all the other to do items I have piled on, my failure to execute on some basic things that I know make me feel good and all of that 
se micro droplets as reaction chambers to basically amplify RNA. So here's the idea. You basically have microfluidics where you basically have every single cell coming down one tube in your microfluidics and you have little bubbles getting created in the other way with specific primers that mark every cell with its own barcode. You basically couple the two and you end up with little bubbles that have a cell and tons of markers for that cell. You now mark up all of the RNA for that one cell with the same exact barcode and you then lyse all of the droplets and you sequence the heck out of that and you have for every RNA molecule, a unique identifier that tells you what cell was it on. That is such good engineering, microfluidics and using some kind of primer to put a label on the thing. I mean, you're making it sound easy. I assume it's beautiful, but it's gorgeous. So there's the next generation. So that's the second generation. Next generation is forget the microfluidics altogether. Just use big bottles. How can you possibly do th
dy doesn't perform, kill it. And biological evolution doesn't work quite that way. And it's more patient. Yes, much more patient. So I guess we need to add some kind of mating, some kind of like dating mechanisms, like marriage maybe in there. So into our algorithms to improve the combination as opposed to all mutation doing all of the work. Yeah, and many ways of being successful. Usually in evolution computation, we have one goal, play this game really well compared to others. But in biology, there are many ways of being successful. You can build niches. You can be stronger, faster, larger, or smarter, or eat this or eat that. So there are many ways to solve the same problem of survival. And that then breeds creativity. And it allows more exploration. And eventually you get solutions that are perhaps more creative rather than trying to go from initial population directly or more or less directly to your maximum fitness, which you measure as just one metric. So in a broad sense, before we talk about neuroevolution, do you see evolutionary c
rt, it sounds exciting, but then what if they start doing better than me and take over my friend group? And then, because they may be an imperfect copy or there may be more social, all these kinds of things, and then I become like the old version that's not nearly as exciting. Maybe they're a copy of the best version of me on a good day. Yeah, but if you hang out with a replicant of me and that turned out to be successful, I'd feel proud of that person because it was based on me. So it's, but it is a kind of death of this version of you. Well, not necessarily. I mean, you can still be alive, right? But, and you would be proud, okay, so it's like having kids and you're proud that they've done even more than you were able to do. Yeah, exactly. It does bring up new issues, but it seems like an opportunity. Well, that replicant should probably have the same rights as you do. Well, that gets into a whole issue because when a replicant occurs, they're not necessarily gonna have your rights. And if a replicant occurs, if it's somebody who's already dead, do 
rotean, you know, it keeps changing form. And as you move to hopefully a higher level, resistance gets a little more nuanced and a little more subtle trying to fake you out. But I think you learn that it's always there and you're always gonna have to face it, so. I mean, your battle is sitting down and writing to some number of words to a blank page. Do you have a process there with this battle? Do you have a number of hours that you put in? Do you sit down? Yeah, I'm definitely a believer that even though this battle is fought on the highest sort of spiritual level, that the way you fight it is on the most mundane, I'm sure it's like martial arts, must be the same way. I mean, I go to the gym first thing in the morning and I sort of am rehearsing myself. The gym is called resistance training, right? You're working against resistance, right? And I don't wanna go, I don't wanna get out of bed, I hate that, but I'm sort of fortifying myself to be ready for the day. And like I said, over Knockwood, over years, I've learned to sort of get into the righ
r your humanities podcast, but that's fun. For that problem to be visual and linked to physical materials and putting those like on a canvas, to me, it's not a huge leap, but I really don't wanna do it. Like it would be pain. If you paid me like 500 bucks to spend an hour painting, I don't know, is that worth it? Maybe, but like, I'm happy when that hour's over. And would not be proud or happy with the result. It would suck. I don't think I would do it actually. Do you think you're suppressing some deep, I mean? Absolutely not. Now, when I was young, I played the guitar as you played the guitar and that I greatly enjoyed, although I was never good, but it helped me appreciate music much, much more. Well, this is the question. Okay, so from the perspective of the observer and appreciator of art, you said good. Is there such a concept as good in art? There's clearly a concept of bad. My guitar playing fit that concept. Okay. But I wasn't trying to be good. I wanted to learn like how do chords work? Okay, analytical. How does a jazz improvisation work? How is blu
er who keeps yelling at me about this. He says it's very effective. He likes to, for difficult problems before bed, think about that difficult problem. We're not talking about like drama at work or all that kind of stuff. No, like a scientific for him engineering problem. He likes to like intensely think about it to prime his mind before sleep and then go to sleep. And then he finds that the next day, he's able to think much clearer and there's new ideas that come, but also just, I guess it's more well integrated. And sometimes during the process of like, he's able to like wake up and like see new insights. That's right. If he's deeply sort of aggressively thinking through a problem. And there's many scientific demonstrations of this. The Mendeleev with the periodic table of elements, he was trying for months to understand. I mean, talk about an ecumenical problem of epic proportions. Here's your question today. You have to understand how all of the known elements in the universe fit together in a logical way. Good luck, take care. It was non t
 lingering questions around it. So, I mean, on the point of the soul, you've talked about the meaning of life. Do you have, on a personal level, do you have an answer to the meaning of your life, of something that brought you meaning, happiness, some sense of sense? No, I mean, yes and no. I mean, I'm 66, so I'm in the kind of and not ready to wrap it up, literally or metaphorically, but you look, I look back and just really with a sense of awe and wonder, gratitude, and Is there memories that stand out to you from childhood, from earlier, that like, it's like, you know, stand out as something you're really proud of or just happy to have been on this earth, because that stuff happened. Yeah, that. I mean, you know, my family, also a chunk, my folks, my grandparents are from Eastern Europe, you know, Russia, Austria. As far as we know, some of them never made it out. I consider myself very fortunate to have been a so called product of the American dream. You know, my grandparents were basically peasants. My parents, my dad worked two full time jobs when I was g
wanna have it is. You want, like to the extent that everyone is so thrilled about the current state of machine learning and AI and they don't imagine they need anything else, it makes my job harder. If everything crashed completely and every student left the field and there was no money for anybody to do anything and it became an embarrassment to talk about machine intelligence and AI, that wouldn't be good for us either. You want sort of the soft landing approach, right? You want enough people, the senior people in AI and machine learning to say, you know, we need other approaches. We really need other approaches. Damn, we need other approaches. Maybe we should look to the brain. Okay, let's look to the brain. Who's got some brain ideas? Okay, let's start a little project on the side here trying to do brain idea related stuff. That's the ideal outcome we would want. So I don't want a total winter and yet I don't want it to be sunny all the time either. So what do you think it takes to build a system with human level intelligence where onc
ving a voice to the populace and having their ideas, having their beliefs, having their views represented. Well, I hope so. I mean, we've seen social networks can spread conspiracy theories, which have been quite negative, being, for example, being against any kind of stuff that would help your health. So those kinds of ideas have, on social media, what you notice is they increase engagement, so dramatic division increases engagement. Do you worry about AI systems that will learn to maximize that division? I mean, I do have some concerns about this, and I have a chapter in the book about the perils of advanced AI, spreading misinformation on social networks is one of them, but there are many others. What's the one that worries you the most that we should think about to try to avoid? Well, it's hard to choose. We do have the nuclear power that evolved when I was a child, I remember, and we would actually do these drills against a nuclear war. We'd get under our desks and put our hands behind our heads to protect us from a nuclear war. Seems 
stic view of the world, the fact that somebody like Hitler could happen, the fact that a lot of people could follow Hitler and get excited and maybe even love the hate of the other for some moment of time. I think all of us are capable of that, but I think all of us also have a capacity for good. And I think, I don't know what you think, but I think we have a greater desire for good than evil. And it seems like that's where technology is very useful as a guide, as a helping hand. Okay. Can you give me an example maybe? So I give you examples of futuristic technologies and I can give you examples of current technologies. Current technologies, knowledge in the form of very basic knowledge, which is like Wikipedia and search the original dream of Google that I think is very much a success, which is making the world's information accessible at your fingertips. That kind of technology enables the natural, if this axiom, this assumption that people want to do good is true, then letting them discover all of the information out there, false
I have a problem doing that because my wife goes, people think you're crazy. Why are you talking to everybody? I said, like, I'll literally stop someone and say, how's your day going? Like, I mean, I'll randomly on the sidewalk. Then it looks a little nuts. But like, if I'm buying a cup of coffee. Oh, that happens here in Austin all the time. That's why I love it here on the sidewalk randomly. Yeah, no, it's just so nice. They'll say hi to me. I thought they recognized me or something. I don't give a shit who you are. They're just being nice. I was on the road coming back, driving from my family up north down to Tennessee last week. I stopped in a bathroom and it was closed. The girl was cleaning it, whatever. She's working so hard, whatever. And she goes, sir, she goes, if you go down the hall, there's a family restroom. Feel free to use it. You know, she didn't have to do that. And I went down and I'm old. You need a bathroom, you need a bathroom, right? And I walked back out and I said, ma'm, I said, I want to thank you for being here today. I says, the bathroom was 
on in this pocket, but reality, it's just clickbait articles and books until one curious ant comes up with the next pocket. Yeah, tunnels through the barrier or gets enough energy to jump over the barrier. And eventually we'll be, as you've talked about, I mean, we'll colonize the solar system, and then we'll be stuck in the solar system, and then people will say, well, we're screwed because when the sun energy runs out, there's no way to get to the next solar system, and so on. It goes on until we colonize the entirety of the observable universe. Yeah. I think getting out of the solar system is going to be a hard one. So can you, you mentioned this, can you elaborate why you think, back to sort of a serious question, why do you think it's hard to get outside of our solar system? It's just an energy calculation. I mean, you can do it slowly whenever you want, but the idea of getting there in one lifetime or a few lifetimes requires huge amounts of energy to accelerate. And then as soon as you get halfway there, you need to expend an equal amount
ly the huge problem and perhaps the even bigger problem is the enormous amount of power that it gives to governments. It allows them to create an awful dystopia where you've got your money on your phone and anything you do is completely supervised and controlled through your spending. So they wanna introduce a new lockdown, then they'll just make your money not work. Your money is broken today, you can't spend money or you can only spend money in your local supermarket for the next three months because you can't leave your neighborhood, your money stops working outside of your neighborhood. This Chinese social credit score system is an example of this. And I think, I don't know, I don't have a crystal ball, so I don't know what the likelihood is of implementing something like this in the US. I've discussed it with Michael Saylor, he thinks it's highly unlikely. He thinks the people who've been pushing this are very far from the position of power and the traditional monetary and financial system is going to survive intact. I certainly
rams for the data. Do you see science as a kind of our human attempt at compression, so we're speaking more generally, because when you say programs, you're kind of zooming in on a particular sort of almost like a computer science, artificial intelligence focus, but do you see all of human endeavor as a kind of compression? Well, at least all of science, I see as an endeavor of compression, not all of humanity, maybe. And well, there are also some other aspects of science like experimental design, right? I mean, we create experiments specifically to get extra knowledge. And that isn't part of the decision making process, but once we have the data, to understand the data is essentially compression. So I don't see any difference between compression, compression, understanding, and prediction. So we're jumping around topics a little bit, but returning back to simplicity, a fascinating concept of Kolmogorov complexity. So in your sense, do most objects in our mathematical universe have high Kolmogorov complexity? And maybe what is, first of all, wh
in favor of small government, hands off government, no redistribution or less redistribution. That's the normal left right political spectrum, where you respect the institutions and separation of powers. And you respect the universal category of citizenship and equality before the law and everything else. I don't see any problems with that whatsoever. I see that as a great gift, not just to this country, but around the world and other places besides the United States have developed this. The problems arise at the extremes, the far left and the far right that don't recognize the legitimacy either of capitalism or of democratic rule of law institutions. And they want to eliminate constraints on executive power. They want to control the public sphere or diminish the independence of the media. They want to take away markets or private property and redistribution becomes something bigger than just redistribution. It becomes actually that original Marxist idea of transcending capitalism. So I'm not bothered by the left or the right. I 
ems. I think there's a lot of innovation there to be had still. I love the idea that you were versioning through email. I'll give you one example. When we work with manufacturing companies, it's not at all uncommon for there to be multiple labels that disagree with each other, right? And so we would do the work in visual inspection. We will take, say, a plastic part and show it to one inspector and the inspector, sometimes very opinionated, they'll go, clearly, that's a defect. This scratch, unacceptable. Gotta reject this part. Take the same part to different inspector, different, very opinionated. Clearly, the scratch is small. It's fine. Don't throw it away. You're gonna make us, you know. And then sometimes you take the same plastic part, show it to the same inspector in the afternoon, I suppose, in the morning, and very opinionated go, in the morning, they say, clearly, it's okay. In the afternoon, equally confident. Clearly, this is a defect. And so what is an AI team supposed to do if sometimes even one person doesn't agree with himself or herself in 
ah. Yeah. Cryptonomicon published in 1999, set in the late 90s and involves hackers who build essentially cryptocurrency. Bitcoin white paper came out in 2008. So I have to kind of ask, from you looking at this layout of what's been happening in cryptocurrency, the evolution of this technology, how has it rolled out differently than you could have imagined in two ways? One the technology itself and two the human side of things, the human stories of the hackers and the financial folks and the powerful and the powerless, the human side of things. Yeah. Well, Cryptonomicon is pre Bitcoin, it's pre Satoshi, it's pre blockchain as you point out. So at that point I was kind of reacting to what I was seeing among people like the Bay Area Cypherpunks in Berkeley. There was a branch here in Austin as well and a lot of their thinking was based on the idea that you would have to have a physical region of the earth that was free of government interference. You couldn't achieve that freedom by purely mathematical means on the network. You actually had to 
number. So even if the model is simple, it gets penalized by that. And what you do is then you take just the sum, or this is the average over it. And this gives you a probability distribution. So it's universal distribution or Solomonov distribution. So it's weighed by the simplicity of the program and the likelihood. Yes. It's kind of a nice idea. Yeah. So okay, and then you said there's you're playing N or M or forgot the letter steps into the future. So how difficult is that problem? What's involved there? Okay, so basic optimization problem. What are we talking about? Yeah, so you have a planning problem up to horizon M, and that's exponential time in the horizon M, which is, I mean, it's computable, but intractable. I mean, even for chess, it's already intractable to do that exactly. And you know, for goal. But it could be also discounted kind of framework where. Yeah, so having a hard horizon, you know, at 100 years, it's just for simplicity of discussing the model and also sometimes the math is simple. But there are lots of variations, actually quite 
his is the Artificial Intelligence Podcast. If you enjoy it, subscribe on YouTube, review it with five stars on Apple Podcast, support it on Patreon, or simply connect with me on Twitter at Lex Friedman, spelled F R I D M A N. As usual, I'll do one or two minutes of ads now, and never any ads in the middle that can break the flow of the conversation. I hope that works for you and doesn't hurt the listening experience. This show is presented by Cash App, the number one finance app in the App Store. When you get it, use code LEXPODCAST. Cash App lets you send money to friends, buy Bitcoin, and invest in the stock market with as little as $1. Since Cash App allows you to send and receive money digitally, peer to peer, and security in all digital transactions is very important, let me mention the PCI data security standard that Cash App is compliant with. I'm a big fan of standards for safety and security. PCI DSS is a good example of that, where a bunch of competitors got together and agreed that there needs to be a global standard around t
nd himself. But what's your sense about Marxism and the way Jordan talks about it, the way you think about it, from the economics, from the philosophical perspective? Yeah, well, if we were all here together, I'd say we need to start with Marx's economic and philosophical manuscripts of 1844, before Marx became more of a polemicist. And I would argue that Marx's political philosophy, he's a crappy economist, I don't dispute that. But his arguments about human nature, his arguments about the inevitably catastrophic psychological and environmental and economic effects of capitalism, I would argue every one of those has proven quite right. Marx maybe did not have the answer, but he saw in the 18, whenever he was writing, that inevitably, capitalism would lead to massive inequity, that it was ultimately based on the need to denigrate and dehumanize labor, to render them, in his language, a fleshy cog in a giant machine. And it would create a tension and conflict between those who own things and those who made things, that over time would always, the T
eah. So our computational team is in heaven right now and we're looking for people. I mean, if you have super smart. So this is a very interesting kind of side question. How much of this is biology? How much of this is computation? So you're the head of the computational biology group, but how much of, should you be comfortable with biology to be able to solve some of these problems? If you just find, if you put several of the hats you were on fundamentally, are you thinking like a computer scientist here? You have to. This is the only way. As I said, we are the descendants of the first digital computer. We're trying to understand the digital computer. We're trying to understand the circuitry, the logic of this digital core computer and all of these analog layers surrounding it. So the case that I've been making is that you cannot think one gene at a time. The traditional biology is dead. There's no way you cannot solve disease with traditional biology. You need it as a component. Once you figured out RX3 and RX5, you now can then say, Hey, ha
resuscitation, the revival of domestic manufacturing. So all of this came together for that spectacular 10 year, 7% on average economic growth. And moreover, people's wages after inflation, their disposable income grew more even than GDP grew. So disposable income after inflation, that is real income, was growing greater than 7%. In some cases, 10% a year. So there was a boom, and the Russian people felt it, and it happened during Putin's first two terms, and people were grateful, rightly so, for that. And those who don't want to give Putin credit, give oil prices all the credit. But I don't think that oil prices can explain this. Having said that, that doesn't mean that this was sustainable over the long term. So you've briefly mentioned, sort of implying the possibility, you know, Stalin held power for, let's say, 30 years. You briefly mentioned that as a question, will Putin be able to beat that record, to beat that? So can you talk about your sense of, is it possible that Putin holds power for that kind of duration? Let's hope not. Let's hope not for Russia's 
t mathematical symmetry should govern the world and we've out Platoed Plato by far in modern physics because we have symmetries that are much more extensive much more powerful that turn out to be the ingredients out of which we construct our theory of the world and it works and so that's certainly beautiful. So the idea of symmetry which is a driving inspiration in much of human art especially decorative art like the Alhambra or wallpaper designs or things you see around you everywhere also turns out to be the dominant theme in modern fundamental physics symmetry and its manifestations the laws turn out to be very to have these tremendous amounts of symmetry you can change the symbols and move them around in different ways and they still have the same consequences. So that's beautiful that these concepts that humans find appealing also turn out to be the concepts that govern how the world actually works. I don't think that's an accident. I think humans were evolved to be able to interact with the world in ways that ar
wrong. It turned out that Stalin wasn't a better alternative to markets and private property and rule of law and democracy. However, that didn't become clearer to people until after World War II, after Nazism had been defeated, Imperial Japan had been defeated, a fascist Italy had been defeated and decolonization had happened around the world, and there was a middle class economic boom in the period from the late 40s through the 70s that created a kind of mass middle class in many societies. So capitalism rose from the ashes as it were, and this changed the game for Stalin and communism. Capitalism is about an alternative to capitalism, and if that alternative is not superior, there's no reason for communism to exist. But if capitalism is in foul odor, if people have a bad opinion, a strong critique of capitalism, there can be appeal to alternatives, and that's kind of what happened with Stalin's rule. But after World War II, the context changed a lot, capitalism was very different, much more successful, nonviolent compared to what it was 
et started in deep learning and where does deeplearning.ai fit into that? So the deep learning specialization offered by deeplearning.ai is I think it was Coursera's top specialization. It might still be. So it's a very popular way for people to take that specialization to learn about everything from neural networks to how to tune in your network to what is a ConvNet to what is a RNN or a sequence model or what is an attention model. And so the deep learning specialization steps everyone through those algorithms so you deeply understand it and can implement it and use it for whatever application. From the very beginning. So what would you say are the prerequisites for somebody to take the deep learning specialization in terms of maybe math or programming background? Yeah, need to understand basic programming since there are programming exercises in Python and the math prereq is quite basic. So no calculus is needed. If you know calculus is great, you get better intuitions but deliberately try to teach that specialization wi
d so we went out on the mountain. I got back down to base camp. And again, that was pretty difficult. And then they put me on a stretcher, this metal stretcher with this one wheel and a team of six people wheeled me down the mountain. And it was pretty torturous. I'm very appreciative they did. Also the trail was very bumpy. So they'd go over the big rocks. And so my head would just slam against this metal thing for hours. And so I just felt awful. Plus I'd get my head slammed every couple of seconds. So the whole experience was really a life changing moment. And that was the demarcation of me basically building a new life. Basically I said, I'm going to reconstruct Brian, my understanding of reality, my existential realities, what I want to go after. And I try, I mean, as much as that's possible as a human, but that's when I set out to rebuild everything. Was it the struggle of that? I mean, there's also just like the romantic poetic, it's a fricking mountain. There's a man in pain, psychological and physical struggling up a mountain. But it's jus
p out of a society. Like there's a nice narrative that we've all constructed and I'm taking a step out. And it feels, there's this feeling like you're basically drowning. I mean, it's not a good feeling. It is not. But this gets back to the Heidegger Kierkegaard school of anxiety. You are stepping out and you are momentarily shrugging off, again, the culturally constructed psychological accoutrements that allow you to stand up in the morning. And so, I mean, in that sense, it feels like, I mean, how do you have that conversation? Because I guess I'm dancing around a set of questions, which is like, I guess I'm disappointed that people don't, are not as willing to step outside. Like even just, even any kind of thought experiment. Forget denial of death. Like there's not a community of people. Let's take an easy one that I think is scientifically ridiculous, which is, there's a community of people that believe that the earth is flat. Or actually even better, the space is fake. Like what I find surprising is that a lot of people I talk to are not willin
ink that many of the people that are hateful on social media, if they were face to face with the person, they wouldn't. So there's a sort of two mental spheres happening at the same time. And I don't know how that plays out. Maps to the actual military, how that actually maps to military conflict. Yeah, yeah. Like if you in the United States have a draft, for example, how the populace would respond different than they did in previous generations. Yeah, I think they certainly would. Yeah. Another question, not sure if you've thought about it, but I work on building artificial intelligence systems. In our community, many people are worried about AI being used in war. So automating the killing process with drones and in general, it's being used more and more. I should recuse myself on that one. I really haven't thought about that one. You haven't thought about it. I'd rather ask you what you think about it. Well, it's interesting, I mean, because it's so fundamentally different from if you look at the Battle of Thermopylae. It means just if we talk ab
e number of different parameters we can consider in making a decision. I was very fortunate, I am very fortunate to be able to get a glimpse preview of your upcoming book, Singularity is Nearer. And one of the themes outside of just discussing the increasing exponential growth of technology, one of the themes is that things are getting better in all aspects of life. And you talked just about this. So one of the things you're saying is with jobs. So let me just ask about that. There is a big concern that automation, especially powerful AI, will get rid of jobs. There are people who lose jobs. And as you were saying, the sense is throughout the history of the 20th century, automation did not do that ultimately. And so the question is, will this time be different? Right, that is the question. Will this time be different? And it really has to do with how quickly we can merge with this type of intelligence. Whether Lambda or GPT3 is out there, and maybe it's overcome some of its key problems, and we really haven't enhanced human intelligence, t
ia. No, I don't find that compelling at all because I think all these examples that they mention of natural monopolies or economies of scale that can only fit at a scale of government, government bans people from opening power plants. And then there's only one power plant and they need to be in charge of it. But in reality, no. In reality, power plants can exist at all kinds of manners of scales of operation. And yes, of course, there are benefits to centralization in power plants in particular because there's efficiency in generation. One big power plant is more efficient than 10 equivalent smaller power plants. But there's also inefficiencies in centralization because the more centralized and the bigger the plant is, the further away a lot of the population is going to be. So you're gonna be losing a lot of the electricity and transmission. And you believe the free market is best in managing that dance, that balance of centralization. Exactly, and if we do end up in a situation where there's one power plant for an area, then if the ma
 negatively correlated with lipid metabolism. So that basically means that when they turn on, positively, when they turn on, they turn on lipid metabolism. And they're negatively correlated with mitochondrial biogenesis. What do mitochondria do in this whole process? Again, small parenthesis, what are mitochondria? Mitochondria are little organelles. They arose, they only are found in eukaryotes. U means good, karyote means nucleus. So truly like a true nucleus. So eukaryotes have a nucleus. Prokaryotes are before the nucleus. They don't have a nucleus. So eukaryotes have a nucleus, compartmentalization. Eukaryotes have also organelles. Some eukaryotes have chloroplasts. These are the plants, they photosynthesize. Some other eukaryotes like us have another type of organelle called mitochondria. These arose from an ancient species that we engulfed. This is an endosymbiosis event. Symbiosis bio means life, sim means together. So symbiotes are things that live together. Symbiosis endo means inside, so endosymbiosis means you live together holdin
since you're always getting the correct answer and you're improving. Beautiful ideas. Okay, so you've also mentioned that different kinds of things in the chase of solving this reward, sort of optimizing for the goal, interesting human things could emerge. So is there a place for consciousness within iXe? Where does, maybe you can comment, because I suppose we humans are just another instantiation of iXe agents and we seem to have consciousness. You say humans are an instantiation of an iXe agent? Yes. Well, that would be amazing, but I think that's not true even for the smartest and most rational humans. I think maybe we are very crude approximations. Interesting. I mean, I tend to believe, again, I'm Russian, so I tend to believe our flaws are part of the optimal. So we tend to laugh off and criticize our flaws and I tend to think that that's actually close to an optimal behavior. Well, some flaws, if you think more carefully about it, are actually not flaws, yeah, but I think there are still enough flaws. I don't know. It's unclear. As a studen
 course, the reason you should try and consider tolerating volatility more is the options are you hold fiat assets, which only go down stable, relatively stable, not a lot of volatility day to day, value of your dollar doesn't change 40% overnight, 20% overnight or something like that. But it does go down reliably, it's gonna go down 40%. You can count on it, it might take a year, two years, five years, 10 years, compared to the things that you want to buy, it's gonna go down by 40%. And it's not gonna come back and it's gonna go down another 40% and then another 40% and then another 40%. So the option really is relatively short term stability with long term decline, or short term volatility with long term rise. And so that's another way in which Bitcoin teaches people to have a low time preference and think about the long term. So stack, accumulate and think of it in the long term. It's a function of the fact that Bitcoin is new. Bitcoin is currently less than 1% of the global money market. So there's about $100 trillion of money out there in the world. $100 trillion rough
ng well enough, you have to keep making it better somehow. But this whole huge instrument has to be in vacuum. And the vacuum tanks are, you know, this big around. And so it's the world's biggest high vacuum system. And how do you make it? First of all, how do you make this four meter long sealed vacuum system? It has to be made out of four kilometers, four kilometers long. Would I say something else? Meters. Four kilometers long. Big difference. Yeah. And so, but to make it, yeah, we started with a roll of stainless steel, and then we roll it out like a spiral so that there's a spiral weld on it. Okay, so the engineering was fine. We did that. We worked through very good companies and so forth to build it. But the big worry was, what if you develop a leak? This is a high vacuum, not just vacuum system. Typically, in a laboratory, if there's a leak, you put helium around the thing you have, and then you detect where the helium is coming in. But if you have something as big as this, you can't surround it with helium. So you might not actually even kno
y that the game you, Mr. Brian Johnson, have been playing is quite incredible. Thank you so much for talking to me. Thanks, Lex. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Brian Johnson and thank you to Four Sigmatic, NetSuite, Grammarly, and ExpressVPN. Check them out in the description to support this podcast. And now let me leave you with some words from Diane Ackerman. Our brain is a crowded chemistry lab, bustling with nonstop neural conversations. Thank you for listening and hope to see you next time. I try to spend the first two hours of every day, usually if I'm like at home and have nothing on my schedule is going to be up to eight hours of deep work, of focus, zero distraction. And for me to analyze, I mean I'm very aware of the waning of that, the ups and downs of that. And it's almost like you're surfing the ups and downs of that as you're doing programming, as you're doing thinking about particular problems, you're trying to visualize things in your mind, you start trying to stitch them together. You're trying to, when there's a
apitalism. And then the working class was supposed to destroy capitalism and create socialism. But socialism wasn't the end stage. The end stage was going to be communism. So that's why the communist party in the Soviet Union first built socialism transcending capitalism. The next stage was socialism and the end game, the final stage was communism. So their version of socialism was derived from Marx. And Marx argued that the problem was capitalism had been very beneficial for a while. It had produced greater wealth and greater opportunity than feudalism had. But then it had come to serve only the narrow interests of the so called bourgeoisie or the capitalists themselves. And so for humanity's sake, the universal class, the working class needed to overthrow capitalism in order for greater productivity, greater wealth to be produced for all of humanity to flourish and on a higher level. So you couldn't have socialism unless you destroyed capitalism. So that meant no markets, no private property, no so called parliaments or bourgeoi
on, we would see that. So of other civilizations that have occurred, okay, some might be behind us, but some might be ahead of us. If they're ahead of us, they're ahead of us by thousands, millions of years, and they would be so far beyond us, they would be doing galaxy wide engineering. But we don't see anything doing galaxy wide engineering. So either they don't exist, or this very universe is a construction of an alien species. We're living inside a video game. Well, that's another explanation that yes, you've got some teenage kids in another civilization. Do you find compelling the simulation hypothesis as a thought experiment that we're living in a simulation? The universe is computational. So we are an example in a computational world. Therefore, it is a simulation. It doesn't necessarily mean an experiment by some high school kid in another world, but it nonetheless is taking place in a computational world. And everything that's going on is basically a form of computation. So you really have to define what you mean by this whole world be
d on mathematical symmetry of a high order, and another thing that's beautiful about it is that it's kind of in the same family as electrodynamics. The conceptual structure of the equations are very similar. They're based on having particles that respond to charge in a very symmetric way. In the case of electrodynamics, it's photons that respond to electric charge. In the case of quantum chromodynamics, there are three kinds of charge that we call colors, but they're nothing like colors. They really are like different kinds of charge. But they rhyme with the same kind of, like it's similar kind of dynamics. Similar kind of dynamics. I'd like to say that QCD is like QED on steroids. And instead of one photon, you have eight gluons. Instead of one charge, you have three color charges. But there's a strong family resemblance between them. But the context in which QCD does this thing is it's much higher energies. Like that's where it comes to life. Well, it's a stronger force, so that to access how it works and kind of pry things apart, you have t
e sitting on large data sets. And here they didn't think they're interested in programming until they have this data set and they realize there's this set of machine learning tools that allow you to use the data set. So they actually become, they learn to program and they become new programmers. So like the, not just because you've mentioned a larger percentage of developers become machine learning people. So it seems like more and more the kinds of people who are becoming developers is also growing significantly. Yeah, I think once upon a time, only a small part of humanity was literate, could read and write. And maybe you thought, maybe not everyone needs to learn to read and write. You just go listen to a few monks read to you and maybe that was enough. Or maybe you just need a few handful of authors to write the bestsellers and no one else needs to write. But what we found was that by giving as many people, in some countries, almost everyone, basic literacy, it dramatically enhanced human to human communications. And we can now 
uldn't get done? So there's a process of assessing where can you add unique value in the world? And some of that has to do with you being very formal and calculative here, but some of that is just like, what do you sense, like part of that equation is how much passion you sense within yourself to be able to drive that through, to discover the impossibilities and make them possible. That's right, and so we were at Braintree, I think we were the first company to integrate Coinbase into our, I think we were the first payments company to formally incorporate crypto, if I'm not mistaken. For people who are not familiar, Coinbase is a place where you can trade cryptocurrencies. Yeah, which was one of the only places you could. So we were early in doing that. And of course, this was in the year 2013. So an attorney to go in cryptocurrency land. I concur with the statement you made of the potential of the principles underlying cryptocurrencies. And that many of the things that they're building in the name of money and of moving value is equally a
lessons of history. As Stephen Kotkin brilliantly articulates, Stalin was arguably one of the most powerful humans in history. I've read many books on Joseph Stalin, Vladimir Putin, and the wars of the 20th century. I hope you understand the value of such knowledge to all of us, especially to engineers and scientists who built the tools of power in the 21st century. This is the Artificial Intelligence Podcast. If you enjoy it, subscribe on YouTube, give it 5 stars on Apple Podcast, follow on Spotify, support on Patreon, or simply connect with me on Twitter at Lex Friedman, spelled F R I D M A N. I recently started doing ads at the end of the introduction, I'll do one or two minutes after introducing the episode, and never any ads in the middle that can break the flow of the conversation. I hope that works for you and doesn't hurt the listening experience. This show is presented by Cash App, the number one finance app in the App Store. I personally use Cash App to send money to friends, but you can also use it to buy, sell, and deposit Bitcoi
he 1930s. And this is the key point, like it's portrayed in the textbook as if it's just the scientific breakthrough that somebody in the 1930s, this genius, came about and realized that, oh, we don't actually need gold. We don't need hard money. We can actually just print all the money. And in reality, of course, it was just the very thin, That's exactly what this is. You've had a heck of a life. You've been in a bunch of places in this world. A lot of places. Life is not easy in some of those places. What has been, if you can take a step to maybe a bit of a dark step for a short time, what has been maybe darkest time period, place you've ever gone in your mind, a dark period of your life, a struggle you had to overcome, had to survive? Well, I'm Palestinian. So that is the tragedy of my life. I'm Palestinian Jordanian. My family's suffered a lot because of this historically. I grew up in Ramallah in the West Bank. I wasn't ideal to see that. People like to think of it as this intractable conflict between two bitter enemies. But the reality of the matter is t
AI systems with the values of us humans sort of something that Stuart Russell and other folks are thinking about as this system develops more and more we want to make sure that it represents the better angels of our nature the ethics the values of our society you know if you take self driving cars the biggest problem with self driving cars is not that there's some trolley dilemma and you teach this so you know how many times when you are driving your car did you face this moral dilemma who do I crash into? so I think self driving cars will run into that problem roughly as often as we do when we drive our cars the biggest problem with self driving cars is when there's a big white truck across the road and what you should do is break and not crash into it and the self driving car fails and it crashes into it so I think we need to solve that problem first I think the problem with some of these discussions about AGI you know alignments the paperclip problem is that is a huge distraction from the much harder problems
pplicable to the brain and equally applicable to how the brain interacts with the rest of the world and how we would imagine doing goal alignment with people. So to me, it's a continuous spectrum of possibility. And your question is isolated on the money. And I think it just is basically a scaffolding layer for all of society. So you don't see this money as particularly distinct from other? I don't. I think we at Kernel, we will benefit greatly from the progress being made in cryptocurrency because it will be a similar technology stack we will want to use for many things we want to accomplish. And so I'm bullish on what's going on and think it could greatly enhance brain interfaces and the value of the brain interface ecosystem. I mean, is there something you could say about, first of all, bullish on cryptocurrency versus fiat money? So do you have a sense that in 21st century cryptocurrency will be embraced by governments and changed the face of governments, the structure of governments? It's the same way I think about my diet, wher
in the interwar period. And the Soviet Union had a tough time competing against that new context. Now today we see similarly that the image and reality of capitalism is on the question again, which leads some people to find an answer in socialism as an alternative. So you just kind of painted a beautiful picture of comparison. This is the way we think about ideologies because we, is what's working better. Do you separate in your mind the ideals of communism to the Stalinist implementation of communism, and again, capitalism and American implementation of capitalism? And as we look at now the 21st century where, yes, this idea of socialism being a potential political system that we would, or economic system we would operate under in the United States rising up again as an idea. So how do we think about that again in the 21st century, about these ideas, fundamental deep ideas of communism and capitalism? Yeah, so in the Marxist schema, there was something called feudalism, which was supposedly destroyed by the bourgeoisie who created c
de of her illness. Well, she dies the next day. And it's in the evening and I'm just sitting there looking at my stamp collection. And I'm like, wow, I'm going to miss my grandmother. And then I'm like, no, wait a minute. That means my mother's going to die after she gets old. And that's even worse. After all, who's going to make me dinner? And that bothered me for a while. But then I'm looking at the stamps, all the dead American presidents. And I'm like, there's George Washington. He's dead. There's Thomas Jefferson. He's dead. My mom's going to be dead. Oh, I'm going to get old and be dead someday. And at eight years old, that was my first explicit existential crisis. I remember it being, you know, one of these blood curdling realizations that I tried my best to ignore for the most of the time I was subsequently growing up. But fast forward back to Skidmore College, mid twenties, you know, reading Becker's book in the 1980s, thinking to myself, wow, one of the reasons why I'm finding this so compelling is that it squares with my own personal experience. And then t
iology that suggests that that's how your body was designed to sleep. It is a system that loves habit. You know, if your circadian clock in your brain, it's called the suprachiasmatic nucleus, sits in the middle of your brain, had a personality trait, it would be a creature of habit. It loves habit. That's how your biology is designed to work is through very archetypal prototypical expected cycles. And when we do something different to that, then you start to see some of the pressure stress fractures in the system. But again, to your point, if that's something that you don't mind, you know, adopting and understanding and then I think you should keep doing what you're doing. Yeah, it's complicated. Of course you have to be a student of your own body and explore it. One of the reasons I want to have kids is kids enforce a stricter schedule. I think I definitely feel that I'm not living the sort of data wise, scientifically speaking, the optimal life. And me just living the way I want to live day to day is perhaps not the optimal way. And there
ndred cards and John saw it and he said, what's that? He says, these are my cards. He said, for what? He says, for my brother's funerals. He was like, oh my God, you've been to that many funerals? He goes, yeah, this is just the ones I made. Like, you know, and John, I think was just stunned. And John actually had that stack of cards after Ray passed and like said, look, look at these. There's gonna be more of these cards. We have one guy a week or girl, one responder or a recovery worker or someone who actually resided down there. There's more than one a week dying. It's one a day dying on average. And on average, two people are diagnosed with a 9 11 cancer or disease. Right now, the worst part is there's autoimmune diseases flying off the graph and they're not covered under the legislation. By the grace of God, my cancer is covered. If my cancer comes back, I mean, I'm in remission. It's technically incurable, but I've been blessed I'm staying ahead of this stuff going on 10 years. But if it comes back with a vengeance tomorrow and takes me, at least my wife wi
go beyond that kind of divisive thinking. I think we can only make progress toward truth through deep, empathetic thinking and conversation, and as always, love. If you enjoy this thing, subscribe on YouTube, review it with 5 Stars and Apple Podcasts, follow on Spotify, support on Patreon, or connect with me on Twitter at Lex Friedman. As usual, I'll do a few minutes of ads now, and no ads in the middle. I try to make these interesting, but I give you timestamps so you can skip. But please do check out the sponsors by clicking the links in the description. It's the best way to support this podcast. This episode is supported by Blinkist, my favorite app for learning new things. Get it at blinkist.com slash lex for a 7 day free trial and 25% off after. Blinkist takes the key ideas from thousands of nonfiction books and condenses them down into just 15 minutes that you can read or listen to. I'm a big believer in reading at least an hour a day. As part of that, I use Blinkist every day, and in general, it's a great way to broaden your view of the id
story when we were an asocial species. In a sense, you don't feel like there's this emphasis of individual autonomy is a flawed promise. There's something fundamentally deeply interconnected between us. I do. I think that Plato and Socrates in the Crito were closer to the truth when they started with the assumption that we were interdependent, then they derived individual autonomy as a manifestation of a functional social system. That's fascinating. So when Margaret Thatcher, you're too young, in the 1980s, she said, societies? There's no such thing as societies. There's just individuals pursuing their self interest. So that's one point where I would take issue respectfully with John Locke. Point number two is when Locke says in 1690, well, England's filled up, so if you want some land, just go to America, it's empty. Or maybe there's a few savages there, just kill them. So Melville does the same thing in Moby Dick where he thinks about, will there ever come a time where we run out of whales? And he says, no, but we have run out of whales. And so Locke was
 the basics of what is Austrian economics? What is the, what perspective does it take on the world? Yeah, so I mean, Austrian economics really is the continuation of a tradition that it goes back to the ancient Greeks of studying economics. Historically, it's really just economics and that has evolved over time. And the establishment of the Austrian school per se came in 1871, 150 years ago, when Karl Menger, the father of the school, wrote a book called Principles of Economics and essentially invented marginal analysis, which is a big deal in economics. Marginal analysis is the idea that in economics, individuals carry out decisions at the margin, that it's, when you make choice, you're not making it. For instance, if you're making a choice between what should I spend my money on, you're not making a choice whether it is, this thing is object A or B, which one is more valuable for me in general, which one is more valuable for me for the rest of my life. You're choosing about the next unit right now at this point, at this stage. And if you analyze 
ut it in another context, something about human and dog context, like a living dog, where there's a dance of communication. First of all, the eyes, you both look at the same thing and the dogs communicate with their eyes as well. Like if you're a human, if you and a dog want to deal with a particular object, you will look at the person, the dog will look at you and then look at the object and look back at you, all those kinds of things. But there's also just the elegance of movement. I mean, there's the, of course, the tail and all those kinds of mechanisms of communication and it all seems natural and often joyful. And for robots to communicate that, it's really difficult how to figure that out because it's almost seems impossible to hard code in. You can hard code it for demo purpose or something like that, but it's essentially choreographed. Like if you watch some of the Boston Dynamics videos where they're dancing, all of that is choreographed by human beings. But to learn how to, with your movement, demonstrate a naturalness and eleganc
s on your ability to change everything immediately and to force change overnight is what leads to long term success potentially. That's the sustainability of change. So Russia needs stronger institutions. It needs court system as well as democratic institutions. It needs functioning, open, dynamic markets rather than monopolies. It needs meritocracy and banks to award loans on the basis of business plans, not on the basis of political criteria or corrupt bribery or whatever it might be. So Russia needs those kind of functioning institutions that take time, are sometimes slow, don't lead to a revolutionary transformation, but lead to potentially long term sustainable growth without upheaval, without violence, without getting into a situation where all of a sudden you need a miracle again. Every time Russia seems to need a miracle, and that's the problem, the solution would be not needing a miracle. Now having said that, the potential is there. The civilization that we call Russia is amazingly impressive. It has delivered world class 
The following is a conversation with Sheldon Solomon, a social psychologist, a philosopher, co developer of terror management theory, and co author of The Warm at the Core on the role of death in life. He further carried the ideas of Ernest Becker that can crudely summarize as the idea that our fear of death is at the core of the human condition and the driver of most of the creations of human civilization. Quick summary of the sponsors Blinkist, ExpressVPN, and Cash App. Click the links in the description to get a discount. It really is the best way to support this podcast. Let me say as a side note that Ernest Becker's book, Denial of Death, had a big impact on my thinking about human cognition, consciousness, and the deep ocean currents of our mind that are behind the surface behaviors we observe. Many people have told me that they think about death, or don't think about death, fear death, or don't fear death, but I think not many people think about this topic deeply, rigorously, in the way that Nietzsche suggested. This topic, like
hnologies, the tools that came along that made this possible? What are you excited about? Maybe if we just look at the buffet of things that you've kind of mentioned, what's involved? What should we be excited about? What are you excited about? I love that question because there's so much ahead of us. There's so, so much. So basically solving that one locus required massive amounts of knowledge that we have been building across the years through the epigenome, through the comparative genomics to find out the causal variant and the controller regulatory motif through the conserved circuitry. It required knowing these regulatory genomic wiring. It required high C of these sort of topologically associated domains to basically find these long range interaction. It required EQTLs of these sort of genetic perturbation of these intermediate gene phenotypes. It required all of the arsenal of tools that I've been describing was put together for one locus. And this was a massive team effort, huge investment in time, energy, money, effort, intel
u have too much energy, you can just choose to just burn some of that as heat. So basically when you're cold, you're burning energy to basically warm your body up and you're burning all these lipids and you're burning all these calories. So what we basically found is that across the board, genetic variants associated with obesity across many of these regions were all enriched repeatedly in mesenchymal stem cell enhancers. So that gave us a hint as to which of these genetic variants was likely driving this whole association. And we ended up with this one genetic variant called RS1421085. And that genetic variant out of the 89 was the one that we predicted to be causal for the disease. Wow. So going back to those steps, first step is figure out the relevant tissue based on the global enrichment. Second step is figure out the causal variant among many variants in this linkage disequilibrium in this coinherited block between these recombination hotspots, these boundaries of these inherited blocks. That's the second step. The third step is on
en around for almost nothing, you know. What, 200 years, something like that. And we don't have any data, a good data point on whether it's likely that we'll survive or not. So do I think that there have been intelligent life elsewhere in the universe? Almost certainly, of course. In the past, in the future, yes. Does it survive for a long time? I don't know. This is another reason I'm excited about our work, is our work meaning the general world of AI. I think we can build intelligent machines that outlast us. You know, they don't have to be tied to Earth. They don't have to, you know, I'm not saying they're recreating, you know, aliens, I'm just saying, if I asked myself, and this might be a good point to end on here. If I asked myself, you know, what's special about our species? We're not particularly interesting physically. We don't fly, we're not good swimmers, we're not very fast, we're not very strong, you know. It's our brain, that's the only thing. And we are the only species on this planet that's built the model of the world that extends beyond what we can ac
ecutive authority that's not limited. That's the definition of authoritarianism or tyranny. Unlimited or barely limited executive authority. Executive authority is necessary to carry out many functions. We all understand that. That's why MIT has an executive, has a president. But unlimited or largely unconstrained executive power is detrimental to even the person who exercises that power. So what do you think? It's an interesting notion. We kind of take it for granted that constraints on executive power is a good thing. But why is that necessarily true? So what is it about absolute power that does something bad to the human mind? So you know, the popular saying of absolute power corrupts absolutely. Is that the case? That the power in itself is the thing that corrupts the mind in some kind of way where it leads to a bad leadership over time? People make more mistakes when they're not challenged. When they don't have to explain things and get others to vote and go along with it. When they can make a decision without anybody being able
bers that you just said? Is there some aspect that if I can improve the quarter life, the half life, could decrease that number if I just practice? Like I drink a lot of coffee, so like habit alters how your body's able to get rid of the caffeine. Not how the body is able to get rid of the caffeine, but it does alter how sensitive the body is to the caffeine. And it's not at the level of the enzyme degrading the caffeine. It's at the level of the receptors that caffeine will act upon. Now it turns out that those are called adenosine receptors and maybe we can speak about what adenosine is and sleep pressure and all of that good stuff. But as you start to drink more and more coffee, the body tries to fight back and it happens with many different drugs by the way, and it's called tolerance. And so one of the ways that your body becomes tolerant to a drug is that the receptors that the drug is binding to, these sort of welcome sites, these sort of picture myths, as it were, that receive the drug, those start to get taken away from the
bout neuro context. I think it's the wrong thing to say double the intelligence. Break it down into different components. Can I make something that's a million times fast than a human brain? Yes, I can do that. Could I make something that is, has a lot more storage than the human brain? Yes, I could do that. More common, more copies of common. Can I make something that attaches to different sensors than human brain? Yes, I can do that. Could I make something that's distributed? So these people, yeah, we talked early about the departure of the neocortex voting. They don't have to be co located. Like, you know, they can be all around the place. I could do that too. Those are the levers I have, but is it more intelligent? Well, it depends what I train it on. What is it doing? If it's. Well, so here's the thing. So let's say larger neocortex and or whatever size that allows for higher and higher hierarchies to form, we're talking about reference frames and concepts. Could I have something that's a super physicist or a super mathematician? Yes. And the quest
 you look at most technology, it increases our abilities. I mean, look at the history of work. Look at what people did 100 years ago. Does any of that exist anymore? People, I mean, if you were to predict that all of these jobs would go away and would be done by machines, people would say, well, there's gonna be, no one's gonna have jobs and it's gonna be massive unemployment. But I show in this book that's coming out the amount of people that are working, even as a percentage of the population has gone way up. We're looking at the x axis year from 1774 to 2024 and on the y axis, personal income per capita in constant dollars and it's growing super linearly. I mean, it's 2021 constant dollars and it's gone way up. That's not what you would predict given that we would predict that all these jobs would go away. But the reason it's gone up is because we've basically enhanced our own capabilities by using these machines as opposed to them just competing with us. That's a key way in which we're gonna be able to become far smarter than we are now by increasing th
ept it in 2011. There was so much more to do and it was so much, I was so scared, I'm like wow, who's gonna take care of my kids and who, you know, they were little. Nine, 11 and 14, right? It's like what the hell, I have two girls and a boy in between and they're beautiful kids. They're such good, good children, adults now. I mean, but you know, my wife's a drill sergeant, she's tough, she don't mess, you know, she's this big. So you're the softy in the family, I'm just kidding. Well, you know, it's funny because my son said to me, my son's 21 now, he's a good kid, you know. And he says to me, back when he was like 12, he goes, dad, I don't want you to be offended but I'm really scared of mom, I'm not really that scared of you. And you know, like I cracked up because it's true, she's gotta stand on like a milk crate to reach him because you know, she's tiny and he's tall, but it's true, but you know, but she was hard but fair, but loved, that's, see, this is the thing, you take any child anywhere from any background, if you love them, you nurture them, you teach them and you guide them, you h
ll and sport, right, and for some reason. I mean, it's something about Diego Armando Maradona, the way they were commentating the genius of his play, the mix of ego, and again, the performance, but being able to carry a team on his shoulders, that, I just fell in love with whatever he represented, and then by that, Argentina, and then Messi, I saw when he was 16, 17, when he was just in the early days, and when you first see a person and you see the genius and you notice that, and then it turns out to be actually a great player, for some reason, you're invested, you're emotionally invested, you're, I don't know, so you kind of just fall in love is actually value, and is the thing that helps money work, because you're saying it's fraud, and the belief is almost valueless, but how much value? Can we quantify the value of the belief, the collective belief? I should say, all economics is subjective. I consider myself an Austrian school economist, and the starting point of all Austrian economics is that all value is subjective, so obviously, value only exists b
he biologists in the team that anticipated that there are some constraints that are in the world for a reason. It turns out that evolution did not have the same bias. And therefore, it discovered something that was creative. It was surprising, it was useful, and it was new. That's fascinating to think about the things we think that are fundamental to living systems on Earth today, whether they're actually fundamental or they somehow fit the constraints of the system. And all we have to do is just remove the constraints. Do you ever think about, I don't know how much you know about brain computer interfaces in your link. The idea there is our brains are very limited. And if we just allow, we plug in, we provide a mechanism for a computer to speak with the brain. So you're thereby expanding the computational power of the brain. The possibilities there, from a very high level philosophical perspective, is limitless. But I wonder how limitless it is. Are the constraints we have features that are fundamental to our intelligence? Or is this
the laws if we try to apply them. It's the old apple pie if you want to what is it make an apple pie from scratch you have to build the universe or something like that. Well you're much better off starting with apples than starting with quarks let's put it that way. In your book A Beautiful Question you ask does the world embody beautiful ideas? So the book is centered around this very interesting question it's like Shakespeare you can like dig in and read into all the different interpretations of this question but at the high level what to use the connection between beauty of the world and physics of the world. In a sense we now have a lot of insight into what the laws are the form they take that allow us to understand matter in great depth and control it as we've discussed and it's an extraordinary thing how mathematically ideal those equations turn out to be. In the early days of Greek philosophy Plato had this model of atoms built out of the five perfectly symmetrical platonic solids so there was somehow the idea tha
about that. You're in a realm of, you know, Buddha, Jesus, whatever, something like that, that where, you know, a true change of soul happens. But I do think that's possible. So what do you think is the future of warfare? Especially with what many people see as the expansion of the military industrial conflict. To what, do you, I know you're not a military historian. I'm asking more as a metaphor. And do you see us as people continuing to fight? You know, it's a really great question, Alex, because I think now with social media, TV, movies, all of these things that create empathy across cultures, it becomes harder and harder, I think, I think, to totally demonize the other, the way it was in previous wars. I also think, I don't really see an appetite for people wanting to go to war these days. And in a way, I don't know if that's good or bad. It's like everybody's so fat and lazy and so concerned with how many clicks they're getting that, you know, whereas I know at the start of World War I, both the younger generations were eager to go to war. You know, I t
think that can be done sooner probably than a full humanoid type of setup. What do you think of swing a racket? So you've worked at basic manipulation. How hard do you think is the task of swinging a racket would be able to hit a nice backhand or a forehand? Let's say we just set up stationary, a nice robot arm, let's say, a standard industrial arm, and it can watch the ball come and then swing the racket. It's a good question. I'm not sure it would be super hard to do. I mean, I'm sure it would require a lot, if we do it with reinforcement learning, it would require a lot of trial and error. It's not gonna swing it right the first time around, but yeah, I don't see why I couldn't swing it the right way. I think it's learnable. I think if you set up a ball machine, let's say on one side, and then a robot with a tennis racket on the other side, I think it's learnable and maybe a little bit of pre training and simulation. Yeah, I think that's feasible. I think the swing the racket is feasible. It'd be very interesting to see how much precision it can
communication. Sort of, if we take an alien perspective, observing earth, are you sure that they would be able to detect humans as the special thing? Wouldn't they be already curious about other things? There's way more insects by body mass, I think, than humans by far, and colonies. Obviously, dolphins is the most intelligent creature on earth, we all know this. So it could be the dolphins that they detect. It could be the rockets that we seem to be launching. That could be the intelligent creature they detect. It could be some other trees. Trees have been here a long time. I just learned that sharks have been here 400 million years and that's longer than trees have been here. So maybe it's the sharks, they go by age. Like there's a persistent thing. Like if you survive long enough, especially through the mass extinctions, that could be the thing your detector is detecting. Humans have been here for a very short time and we're just creating a lot of pollution, but so is the other creatures. So I don't know, do you think you'd be able to detect hu
And unfortunately we lost three guys in one vicious, vicious fire in 1994. And then they finally said, enough's enough. Give these guys the gear. So it's a strange phenomenon in the first responder world and in the military world. It's really one of the most important things that takes place in society. The most pertinent organizations. And we can't get the funding we need. It's crazy. They'll throw money at every nonsensical thing. and the days leading up to it, I'd go around and try to comfort the other cancer patients. I had this one older African American gentleman, he couldn't talk because he had such advanced throat cancer. He was my roommate for a little while, but then he got worse so they had to put him by himself. And you couldn't understand what he was saying because his throat was just so radiated from the radiation. But if you put your ear down to him, you could make out what he was saying. And I'm not faulting the nurses for maybe not wanting to do that, right? They're busy, they got a ton going on, they can't spend, you know. So if he 
ientists and I think that's my main criticism. I mean, that's the problem with science is it's so comforting to focus in on the details that you can escape thinking about the mystery of it all, the big picture things, the philosophical, like the fact that you don't actually know shit at all. So in terms of Jesuit, like that's the beauty of the experience of faith and so on is like, wherever that journey takes you is you actually explore the biggest questions of our world. So I don't see religion going away because I don't see humans as capable of surviving without faith and hope. And then everyone from the Pope to Elon Musk will acknowledge that it is a world that is unfathomably mysterious. And like it or not, in the absence of beliefs, here I'm Charles Peirce, the pragmatic philosopher, he just said beliefs are the basis of action. If you don't have any beliefs, you're paralyzed with indecision, whether we're aware of it or not, whether we like it or not, in order to stand up in the morning, you have to subscribe to beliefs that can never
, I think. And I think, you know, the fact of mortality gives meaning to life, you know? I think that's why we want to create. That's why we want to make a mark of some kind. Or, and the other aspect of it is what's on the other side of that mortality? I'm a believer in previous lives. So I sort of, and I, the question I've never been able to answer among many, many others is like, why are we even here? Why are we in the flesh? You know, I sort of, I like to believe that God or some force is, we're on some kind of journey, but I'm not sure why, why we were put in this world where the ground rules are, if you think about animal life, that you cannot live from one day to the next without killing and eating some other form of life. I mean, what a demented thing, you know? Why couldn't we just have a solar panel on our head and, you know, be friends with everybody? So I sort of, I don't get what that was all about, but that's sort of the big issue. Have you read to Ernest Becker's Denial of Death, for example? Is Ernest Becker's a philosopher that said that th
thing. It seems counterintuitive at least. Is there some intuition behind it? Yeah, so I think there's a few ways to think about this. The way I tend to think about it mostly originally, so when we started working on deep reinforcement learning here at Berkeley, which was maybe 2011, 12, 13, around that time, John Schulman was a PhD student initially kind of driving it forward here. And the way we thought about it at the time was if you think about rectified linear units or kind of rectifier type neural networks, what do you get? You get something that's piecewise linear feedback control. And if you look at the literature, linear feedback control is extremely successful, can solve many, many problems surprisingly well. I remember, for example, when we did helicopter flight, if you're in a stationary flight regime, not a non stationary, but a stationary flight regime like hover, you can use linear feedback control to stabilize a helicopter, very complex dynamical system, but the controller is relatively simple. And so I think that's a big part of it
 things which were first mysterious and vague, and then they have been rigorously formalized. Speed and acceleration has been confused, right? Until it was formally defined, yeah, there was a time like this. And people often who don't have any background, still confuse it. And this ICSE model or the intelligence definitions, which is sort of the dual to it, we come back to that later, formalizes the notion of intelligence uniquely and rigorously. So in a sense, it serves as kind of the light at the end of the tunnel. So for, I mean, there's a million questions I could ask her. So maybe kind of, okay, let's feel around in the dark a little bit. So there's been here a deep mind, but in general, been a lot of breakthrough ideas, just like we've been saying around reinforcement learning. So how do you see the progress in reinforcement learning is different? Like which subset of ICSE does it occupy? The current, like you said, maybe the Markov assumption is made quite often in reinforcement learning. There's other assumptions made in order to make t
w, is it true? Nice thing about physics, you can't eventually have experimental validation. The downside of economics is you really can't have experimental, definitive experimental scientific rigor of validation of a theory. So a thought experiment is just a thought experiment. Using your intuition, it's the power of reasoning together about human nature. And that's why economics cannot make the claims that physics can make. So with physics, you can predict that if you get this gas at this pressure, at this volume, the temperature will be that much. And you can make that prediction and test it a million times and you'll always get the precisely correct answer. With economics, we can't make quantitative predictions. But still, on Twitter, and even today, you're very certain about the statements you're making. Do you... Yeah, but I don't make quantitatively certain statements. That's the thing. In economics, we don't make quantitative predictions. We cannot do that because we don't have experiments. But we can understand how the world actually works wi
thing. It doesn't matter if you're Russian, if you're Iranian, if you're American, if you're Chinese, it's a technology. And so it's like a spoon or a knife or a car, you operate it properly and it works. And so with Bitcoin, it's the same thing. It doesn't care about your passport. If you have the private key, you click send and the money goes, well, it doesn't really go, but effectively it does go anywhere at once and the money can move without having to abide by political situations. And the point here is not to bash US foreign policy much as that might be deserved. I'm just going to discuss it from a kind of technical perspective. It has to be a political system with fiat because ultimately it relies on credit. And then the government is the one that has the guns and the government is going to decide who gets to pay their loans anyway. And the government's going to have to make its own rules about who gets to play and who doesn't. And so it has to be political as this kind of fiat system. And when I wrote the Bitcoin standard, initially I u
at you will do, Lex, your startup, whatever else you're doing, they know that. And it's not really you that's coming up with those ideas, in my opinion. Those things are appearing, it's like somebody knocks on the door and puts it in. I mean, in the Iliad, where gods and goddesses appear, along with the human antagonists on the battlefield all the time, right? There'll be, you know, Homer flashes to Olympus and then back to the real world. And there's a thing where one Aphrodite, let's say wants to help Paris. And so she says, well, I will appear to him in a dream. And I'll take the form of his brother and I'll say, bump, bump, bump, bump. So that's creatures, beings on one dimension, as the Greeks saw it, communicating with, and I believe that that's exactly what's going on, in one, whatever analogy you want to use. That communication, to which degree do you play the role in that communication? As opposed to sitting at the computer, if you're a writer, and staring at the blank page and putting in the time and waiting. So if, in your view, are these creatures ba
game define how you win? Everybody's going to define that win differently. You could define the win in the most base level like, oh, I got all the things. Well, if you got all those things without the needing component of fulfillment, then you're going to be a very unhappy person with a whole lot of things. But there's a self referential aspect to where, to me, the winner of the game is defined by the people playing the game. So if I'm playing a game, I want to win in the sense that most of the other people who are playing the game will say, yeah, that guy won. By our collective definition, if I just come up, listen, I'm sort of, if I come up with my own. That's a lot of weight on the external on you. Right, but that's how games seem to work. Somewhat. So I'm already a winner in my life by defining my own definition of success. I'm basically the best person in the world at doing me. At being Lex. Yeah, so like, and I'm really happy with that. That's a source of happiness. Well, I mean, think about it. Games are also iterated, right? So you start off with 
and doesn't experience it, but just kind of watches you. It doesn't experience it, but just watches it and says, okay, well, if you're showing me that, that means I should be doing this. And I'm not gonna be using your hand, because I don't get to control your hand, but I'm gonna use my hand, I do that mapping. And so that's where I think one of the big breakthroughs has happened this year. This was led by Chelsea Finn here. It's almost like learning a machine translation for demonstrations, where you have a human demonstration, and the robot learns to translate it into what it means for the robot to do it. And that was a meta learning formulation, learn from one to get the other. And that, I think, opens up a lot of opportunities to learn a lot more quickly. So my focus is on autonomous vehicles. Do you think this approach of third person watching, the autonomous driving is amenable to this kind of approach? So for autonomous driving, I would say third person is slightly easier. And the reason I'm gonna say it's slightly easier to do with third
cial slash ethnic tribal identity. I mean, again, what is a Jew? Is a Jew somebody that believes in the religion or is it somebody of a certain race that race arose in a certain place? Same thing as a Muslim. What is a Muslim? Do they believe in Muhammad or whatever? Or did they arise in a certain place and a certain ethnicity? Because if we landed from Mars, we couldn't tell a Jew from a Palestinian, could we? Just looking at them, you could easily mix them and you'd never know. And the specifics of the faith is not necessarily the thing that defines a person. No, I don't think so. So you could be, like many are, secular Jew living in Israel where Adam and Eve decide to sort of take matters into their own hands and acquire knowledge that until then, God had said, I'm the only one that's got that knowledge. And of course, once they have acquired that knowledge, they're cast out into the world you and I live in now, where they do have to deal with that fear and they do have to deal with all that stuff. The human condition. The human condition
w I've watched, well, certainly 100 plus hours of pedestrian videos. There's a kind of social contract where you walk in front of a car and you're putting your life in the hands of another human being. Yes, that's right. And like death is in the car, in the game that's being played, death is right there. It's part of the calculus. It's not, but it's not like a simple calculus. It's not a simple equation. I mean, I don't know what it is, but it's in there and it has to be part of the optimization problem. Like it's not as simple as, so from the computer vision, from the artificial intelligence perspective, it's detecting there's a human estimating the trajectory, like treating everything like it's a billiard balls, as opposed to like being able to calculate it, being able to construct an effective model, the world model of what the person's thinking, what they're going to do, what are the different possibilities of how the scene might evolve, I think requires having some sense of, yeah, fear of fear of mortality, of mortality. I don't see the, the thing is, I th
you can make a house, that's very sophisticated. And that relies on the division of labor. That relies on you specializing in doing one tiny little thing, which is not what you consume. You know, and you trade that thing for all the things that you consume. So as the economy becomes more sophisticated and involves more people, and currently we're all part of an economy of almost 8 billion people, each one of us produces one tiny little thing. And they exchange that thing for all the things that they want. And so, because we specialize, we become more productive in doing the thing that we're good at. So, you know, there's people out there who are engineers, who are designing windshields in cars. It's a very specialized thing. They sell windshield design to Mercedes Benz. And then from that, you know, that windshield design is added on to millions of cars around the world. And from that, they're able to get enough money to meet all of their needs. So the division of labor is enhanced enormously with money, because without money, it's very diffic
his cup. There are thousands of models of your cellphone and about cameras and microphones and so on. It's a distributed modeling system, which is very different than the way people have thought about it. And so that's a really compelling and interesting idea. I have two first questions. So one, on the ensemble part of everything coming together, you have these thousand brains. How do you know which one has done the best job of forming the... Great question. Let me try to explain it. There's a problem that's known in neuroscience called the sensor fusion problem. Yes. And so the idea is there's something like, oh, the image comes from the eye. There's a picture on the retina and then it gets projected to the neocortex. Oh, by now it's all spread out all over the place and it's kind of squirrely and distorted and pieces are all over the... It doesn't look like a picture anymore. When does it all come back together again? Or you might say, well, yes, but I also have sounds or touches associated with the cup. So I'm seeing the cup and touching the cup
, well, you won't be a thing eventually. So this feels like a conversation, perhaps, but that might be kind of this mental stimulation kind of idea. It's a conversation with yourself, essentially. Sure. Yeah, I don't know how I feel about that, but I tend to be in agreement with you when we're talking about economics more so that we're deeply social beings. It just feels like we're humans. I'm with Harari with the sapiens. We seem to construct ideas on top of each other, and that's fundamentally a social process. Absolutely. I think that's a fine book. It overlaps considerably with our take on these matters, and the fact that we get to these points, drawing on different sources, I think makes me more confident. It's so fascinating, just like reading your book, sorry, on a small tangent, that Sapiens is one of the most popular books in the world. And just reading your book is like, well, this sounds... I don't know what makes a popular book. Well, if you want me to be petty and stupid, I will tell you that from time to time, we also wonder why our book... Lik
ry fast reader. So audio per se is not necessarily to my advantage. I don't speak or listen faster than other people. In fact, I'm a slower listener because I like 1.0, not 1.5X. So I should spend less time on audio and more time reading and writing. Yeah, it's interesting because you mentioned podcasts and audio books, the podcasts are recorded and so I can skip things, like I can skip commercials, or I can skip parts where it's like, ugh, this part is boring. With live conversations, especially when, there's a magic to the fact when you have a lot of people participating in that conversation, but some people are like, ugh, this topic, they're going into this thing and you can't skip it or you can't fast forward, you can go 1.5X or 2X, you can't speed it up. Nevertheless, there's a tension between that, so that's the productivity aspect, with the actual magic of live communication, where anything can happen, where Elon Musk can ask the CEO of Robinhood, Vlad, about like, hey, somebody holding a gun to your head, there's something shady going on, the magic of that
ers. You don't even know that death is on your mind. And so our point is that, and this is kind of counterintuitive, and that is that the most problematic and unsavory human reactions to death anxiety are malignant manifestations of repressed death anxiety. You know, we try and bury it under the psychological bushes and then it comes back to bear bitter fruit. But what the theologians and the philosophers of the world are saying is it behooves each of us to spend considerable time. You don't have to be a goth death rocker, you know, wallowing in death imagery to spend enough time entertaining the reality of the human condition, which is that you too will pass to get to the point where there is, to lapse into a cliche, the capacity for personal transformation and growth. Let's go personal for a second. Are you yourself afraid of death? Yeah. And how much do you meditate on that thought? Like, maybe your own study of it is a kind of escape from your own mortality. Absolutely. So you got it. And like, if you figure out death, somehow you 
ke the, you can think about it as the infrastructure of the system. And then you can think of these things as being the higher layer levels. And you had a wonderful discussion about that with Michael Saylor. So the final settlement is like the moment when you paper and ideas connect to physical reality. Or to some representation of physical reality. Yeah, and under gold, everything was tethered to physical reality because there was a market commodity at the bottom of all of this and nobody could print that market commodity. And so at the end of the month, if your bank made too many payments, if you made too many payments, there was a reckoning. If you were reckless, if you were insolvent, you went out of business. So there was no way to fool that. But then we moved to the fiat century and everything is credit. At the end of the day, the final layer is government credit. And so as long as you're friends with the government, basically you never go bankrupt. So all kinds of hucksters managed to find their way into getting into positio
se are deterministic sequences, but no algorithm which is fast, fast means runs in polynomial time, can detect that it's actually deterministic. So we can produce interesting, I mean, random numbers maybe not that interesting, but just an example. We can produce complex looking data and we can then prove that no fast algorithm can detect the underlying pattern. Which is, unfortunately, that's a big challenge for our search for simple programs in the space of artificial intelligence, perhaps. Yes, it definitely is for artificial intelligence and it's quite surprising that it's, I can't say easy. I mean, physicists worked really hard to find these theories, but apparently it was possible for human minds to find these simple rules in the universe. It could have been different, right? It could have been different. It's awe inspiring. So let me ask another absurdly big question. What is intelligence in your view? So I have, of course, a definition. I wasn't sure what you're going to say because you could have just as easily said, I have no clue. Which
erating devices. And that at its best, science is a dialectical interplay where you have theoretical assertions that yield testable hypotheses and that either results in the corroboration of the theory, the rejection of it or the modification thereafter. If we look at the existentialists or even like modern philosopher, psychologist types like Jordan Peterson, I'm not sure if you're familiar with Jordan pretty well. We go way back. Actually, if he were here with us today, we would he would be jumping in and I believe very interesting and important ways. But yeah, we go back 30 years ago. He was basically saying our work is nonsense. Let's get into this. I'll talk to Jordan eventually on this thing. Yeah, there's some rough times right now. Oh, absolutely. And I and I wish him well. Jordan was working on his maps of meaning and we were publishing our work. And I think Jordan at the time was concerned about our vague claims to the effect that all meaning is arbitrary. He takes a more Jungian as well as evolutionary view that I don't think is
ecision making and the various motivations that are involved. Yeah, they are visible. And we can even quantify possibly their emotional state because they leave droppings behind. And there are chemicals there that can be associated with neurotransmitters. And we can separate what emotions they might have experienced in the last 24 hours. Yeah. What to you is the most beautiful, speaking of hyenas, what to you is the most beautiful nature inspired algorithm in your work that you've come across? Something maybe early on in your work or maybe today? I think evolution computation is the most amazing method. So what fascinates me most is that with computers is that you can get more out than you put in. I mean, you can write a piece of code and your machine does what you told it. I mean, this happened to me in my freshman year. It did something very simple and I was just amazed. I was blown away that it would get the number and it would compute the result. And I didn't have to do it myself. Very simple. But if you push that a little furthe
to harm too many patients. So you have to sort of trade off exploring. And at some point you want to explore and you can do the mathematics and figure out the optimal strategy. They talk about Bayesian agents, they're also non Bayesian agents, but it shows that this Bayesian framework by taking a prior or possible worlds, doing the Bayesian mixture, then the Bayes optimal decision with longterm planning that is important, automatically implies exploration, also to the proper extent, not too much exploration and not too little. It is very simple settings. In the IXE model, I was also able to prove that it is a self optimizing theorem or asymptotic optimality theorems, although they're only asymptotic, not finite time bounds. So it seems like the longterm planning is really important, but the longterm part of the planning is really important. And also, I mean, maybe a quick tangent, how important do you think is removing the Markov assumption and looking at the full history? Sort of intuitively, of course, it's important, but is it like f
ecomes corrupted in the way that governments get corrupted because it still seems decentralized. Now, your criticism of governance is an interesting one, but if you put that aside, it still is a decentralized mechanism and it's more transparent than the mechanism that governments operate on. It isn't, it's exactly what the Federal Reserve is. The Federal Reserve is a proof of stake system. The Federal Reserve is owned by its constituent banks and so the rules of the Federal Reserve and the regulations are determined by the ownership, which is the banks. So it's exactly what the Federal Reserve is. But it's too backdoor, the agreements between the banks and the Federal Reserve. It feels like a lot of those agreements are made between individuals that sort of behind the scenes. It's not hard to, it's opaque. Yes, but the only way that a proof of stake system will take off is if you have a military to force people to use it. That's the thing. Ultimately, there's no way that it's going to take off on a free market. And that's why for all of the
 for me to get that amount of money to basically have a go. And that's when I set off to survey everything I could identify an existence to say of anything in the entire world I could do. What one thing could I do that would actually have the highest value potential for the species? And so it took me a little while to arrive at Brainerd Faces, but. Payments in themselves are revolutionary technologies that can change the world. Like let's not forget that too easily. I mean, obviously you know this, but there's quite a few lovely folks who are now fascinated with the space of cryptocurrency. And payments are very much connected to this, but in general, just money. And many of the folks I've spoken with, they also kind of connect that to not just purely financial discussions, but philosophical and political discussions. And they see Bitcoin as a way, almost as activism, almost as a way to resist the corruption of centralized centers of power. And sort of basically in the 21st century, decentralizing control. Whether that's Bitcoin or othe
ed because I think the core message to just use some of your time and money to do as much good as possible to fight some of the problems in the world can be appealing across the political spectrum. And we do have a diversity of political viewpoints among people who have engaged in Effective Altruism. We do, however, do get some criticism from the left and the right. Oh, interesting. What's the criticism? Both would be interesting to hear. Yeah, so criticism from the left is that we're not focused enough on dismantling the capitalist system that they see as the root of most of the problems that we're talking about. And there I kind of disagree on partly the premise where I don't think relevant alternative systems would say to the animals or to the global poor or to the future generations kind of much better. And then also the tactics where I think there are particular ways we can change society that would massively benefit, you know, be massively beneficial on those things that don't go via dismantling like the entire system, whi
ore have done a great job. Yes. But if you're discussed by the press, you don't look good. Tech company executives are learning this, right? It's just like a rule. So in that sense, I think the rating is artificially high, but I don't by any means think it's all insincere, but that high popularity I view as bearish for Russia. I would feel better about the country if people were more pissed off at him. Yeah, that's right. It's nice to see free speech, even if it's full of hate. I am also troubled on the scientific side and entrepreneurial side, it seems difficult to be an entrepreneur in Russia. Like it's not even in terms of rules, it's just culturally, the people I speak to, it's not easy to build a business, no. It's not easy to even dream of building a business in Russia. That's just not part of the culture, part of the conversation. It's almost like the conversation is, if you wanna be the next Bill Gates or Elon Musk, or Steve Jobs or whatever, you come to America. That's the sense they have. Yeah, history matters. Is it history, is it structural prob
 make it happen in brains, but it doesn't happen in brains. This is pure Hebbian learning. Well, synaptogenesis is pure Hebbian learning. It's basically saying, there's a population of cells over here that are active right now. And there's a population of cells over here active right now. How do I form connections between those active cells? And it's literally saying this guy became active. These 100 neurons here became active before this neuron became active. So form connections to those ones. That's it. There's no propagation of error, nothing. All the networks we do, all the models we have work on almost completely on Hebbian learning, but on dendritic segments and multiple synapses at the same time. So now let's sort of turn the question that you already answered, and maybe you can answer it again. If you look at the history of artificial intelligence, where do you think we stand? How far are we from solving intelligence? You said you were very optimistic. Can you elaborate on that? Yeah, it's always the crazy question to ask because no one c
 read, I've only heard him talk about the book, but he argues quite seemingly effectively that the public education system is broken. That we blame, he basically says that we kind of blame, like the conditions or the environment, but the upbringing of people, like parenting, blah, blah, blah, like the set of opportunities. But okay, putting that aside, it seems like charter schools, no matter who it is that attends them, does much better than in public schools. And he puts a bunch of data behind it. And in his usual way, as you know, just is very eloquent in arguing his points. Yeah. So that to me just highlights, man, we don't, education is like one of the most important, it's probably the most important thing in our civilization, and we're doing a shitty job of it. Yeah. In academia, in university education and, you know, younger education, the whole thing. The whole thing. And yet, we value just about anyone or anything more than educators. You know, part of it is just the relatively low regard that Americans have for teachers. Also similarly, like 
ns in the brain are surrounded by these inhibitory neurons, and they're very fast, the inhibitory neurons, these basket cells. And if I get my spike out a little bit sooner than someone else, I inhibit all my neighbors around me, right? And what you end up with is a different representation. You end up with a reputation that matches your prediction. It's a sparser representation, meaning fewer neurons are active, but it's much more specific. And so we showed how networks of these neurons can do very sophisticated temporal prediction, basically. So this, summarize this, real neurons in the brain are time based prediction engines, and there's no concept of this at all in artificial, what we call point neurons. I don't think you can build a brain without them. I don't think you can build intelligence without them, because it's where a large part of the time comes from. These are predictive models, and the time is, there's a prior and a prediction and an action, and it's inherent through every neuron in the neocortex. So I would say that point neu
too. Of course, you're really trying to build these systems, but do you think about the future of AI? A lot of people have concern about safety. How do you think about AI safety? As you build robots that are operating in the physical world, what is, yeah, how do you approach this problem in an engineering kind of way, in a systematic way? So when a robot is doing things, you kind of have a few notions of safety to worry about. One is that the robot is physically strong and of course could do a lot of damage. Same for cars, which we can think of as robots too in some way. And this could be completely unintentional. So it could be not the kind of longterm AI safety concerns that, okay, AI is smarter than us and now what do we do? But it could be just very practical. Okay, this robot, if it makes a mistake, what are the results going to be? Of course, simulation comes in a lot there to test in simulation. It's a difficult question. And I'm always wondering, like, I always wonder, let's say you look at, let's go back to driving because a lot of peop
orters of Ethereum or go back to supporting fiat. We don't know. People evolve for different reasons. You grow up, you mature, or you become enlightened. So I think every single person sort of, as this technology is evolving, as this world is evolving, as wars break on, as your politics change, as the monetary system is constantly put under stress, people will evolve. So we're trying to all figure it out together. That's why like open mindedness here, I think for people like me at least seems essential. I know, so I expect you to be answering all of the spam emails you get. I will, prince by prince by prince. But no, I don't have a clear understanding what is a good investment in my time, what is a good investment in my money. That doesn't seem clear because things, things are good at promoting themselves. I'm not talking about the different kinds of things like Ethereum, altcoins, and so on. I just mean life, like dating, jobs, friendships. Like everybody's advertising themselves as a great investment, right? But you don't know and you have to keep 
e previously it was conscious Brian, looking at foods in certain biochemical states. Am I hungry? Am I irritated? Am I depressed? And then I choose based upon those momentary windows. Do I eat at night when I'm fatigued and I have low willpower? Am I going to pig out on something? And the current monetary system is based upon human conscious decision making. And politics and power and this whole mess of things. And what I like about the building blocks of cryptocurrencies, it's methodical, it's structured, it is accountable, it's transparent. And so it introduces this scaffolding, which I think, again, is the right starting point for how we think about building next generation institutions for society. And that's why I think it's much broader than money. So I guess what you're saying is Bitcoin is the demotion of the conscious mind as well. In the same way you were talking about diet, it's like giving less priority to the ups and downs of any one particular human mind, in this case your own, and giving more power to the sort of data driven. 
 to obey the law and that the sole function of government is to keep domestic tranquility and to ward off foreign invasion in order to protect our right to property. All right. So now here's the property thing. All right. So Locke says, if you look in the Bible and in nature, there is no private property. But Locke says, well, surely if there's anything that you own, it's your body. And surely you have a right by nature to stay alive. And then by extension, anything that you do where you exert effort or labor, that becomes your private property. So back to the apple tree. If I walk over to an apple tree, that's everybody's apples until I pick one. And the minute I do, that is my apple. And then he says, you can have as many apples as you want, as long as you don't waste them. And as long as you don't impinge on somebody else's right to get apples. So far, so good. Yep. And then he says, well, okay. In the early days, you could only eat so many apples or you could only trade so many apples with somebody else. So he was like, well, if you put a fence a
l decisions. So is all credit bad? No, I think what's bad is anything, in my opinion, anything that is consensual, I wanna borrow money from you and we agree the terms, I can't object to that. As long as you and I both agree, I can't object to that. But in the case of the fiat system, it's not just you and the bank who come to an agreement. Everybody who uses the currency is forced to be part of that agreement. Because if you default, effectively what's protecting the bank from you is the fact that the government can just print a bunch of money and make the bank whole. So effectively. Interesting. So that little agreement between the bank and you is actually an agreement between the bank, you, and the entire populace that's using the currency. Exactly. They're forced to provide the safety net for you and me to go and make that loan. And that safety net is the devaluation of the currency. That's how the whole thing actually works. So this is why I wrote the Bitcoin standard, explaining Bitcoin, and basically the takeaway message of the Bitcoin
t least me from the outside of perspective, make me question what I do and don't understand about our economics. Which is a bunch of different, a large number of individuals getting together on the internet and having a large scale impact on the markets. If you tell a group of people and coordinate them through the internet, we're gonna play a fun game, it might cost you money, but you're gonna make the headlines and there's a chance you'll screw over some billionaires and hedge funds. Enough people will play that game. So that game might continue, but I don't think it's of macroeconomic importance. And the price of those stocks in the medium term will end up wherever it ought to be. So these are little outliers from a macroeconomics perspective. They're not going to, these are not signals of shifting power, like from centralized power to distributed power. These aren't some fundamental changes in the way our economy works. I think of it as a new brand of eSports, maybe more fun than the old brand. Which is fine, right? It's like push the 
ok at some features. Almost everybody doing this and it's very alpha. So, you know, the thing that you currently have, some people have that in their car, there's a coffee cup or something that comes up that you might be sleepy. The primary signal that they're comfortable using is the steering wheel reversals. So basically using your interaction with the steering wheel and how much you're interacting with it as a sign of sleepiness. So if you have to constantly correct the car, that's a sign of like you starting to drift into microsleep. I think that's a very, very crude signal. It's probably a powerful one. There's a whole nother component to this, which is it seems like it's so driver and subject dependent. How our behavior changes as we get sleepy and drowsy seems to be different in complicated, fascinating ways where you can't just use one signal. It's kind of like what you're saying, there has to be a lot of different signals that you should then be able to combine. The hope is there's the searches for like universal signals that are pr
now which individual types of emotions are changing. I've got a wonderful postdoc in my lab called Etty Ben Simon, who's doing some incredible work on trying to understand the emotional, individual emotional tapestry of affective, meltdown when you're not getting sufficient sleep. But let's just keep with two dimensions, positive and negative. Yes. Most people would think, well, it's the negative that takes the biggest hit when I'm sleep deprived. It's not. By probably in a log order, magnitude larger is a hit on your positive emotions. In other words, you stop being sleep deprived of positive emotions, in other words, you stop gaining pleasure from normally pleasurable things. And it's a state that we call anhedonia. And anhedonia is the state that we often call depression. So depression to most people's surprise isn't necessarily that you're always feeling negative emotions. It's often more about the fact that you lose the pleasure in the good things in life. That's what we call anhedonia. That's what we see in sleep, an insufficient sleep. And 
ast, you don't see anything. And then we just measure people's reactions or behavior thereafter. So what we found in 2003, leading up to the election of 2004, was that Americans did not care for President Bush or his policies in Iraq in controlled conditions. But if we reminded them of their mortality first, they liked Bush a lot more. So in every study that we did, Americans liked John Kerry, who was running against Bush, they liked Kerry more than Bush. Policy wise, in a controlled... In a controlled condition. But if they were reminded of death first, then they liked Bush a lot more. So by the way, just a small pause, you said they're discerningly simple experiments. I think that's, and people should read Warm at the Core for some other description, you have a lot of different experiments of this nature. I think it's a brilliant experiment connected to the Stoics, perhaps, of how your worldview on anything and how delicious that water tastes after you're reminded of your own mortality. It's such a fascinating experiment that you could probably keep
just like the very surface level thing we see on Twitter and so on. It's that you're 100% right. There's people out there that are maximizing off this whole division, right? They want us divided, they want people angry because it sells. A lot of these people that are in charge of certain organizations, well, they all seem to have nice cars and nice houses and nice vacations and they're constantly trying to convince everybody that we hate each other. To me, I'll use a fireman analogy, right? It's like a little campfire. And if you just let the embers flutter, they'll go out. But if you take a little cup of gasoline with those embers, boom, it'll blow right up in your face. And that's what a lot of these politicians and a lot of these media folks are doing because there's something in it for them. And I think it's possible to defeat them with great leaders, with great spokespeople, with great human beings having a voice. One of the powerful things with the internet is more and more people have a voice. And I ultimately believe, certainly in America, 
velopers will be AI developers. I could easily see it being north of 50%, right? Because so many AI developers broadly construed, not just people doing the machine learning modeling, but the people building infrastructure, data pipelines, all the software surrounding the core machine learning model maybe is even bigger. I feel like today almost every software engineer has some understanding of the cloud. Not all, but maybe this is my microcontroller developer that doesn't need to deal with the cloud. But I feel like the vast majority of software engineers today are sort of having an appreciation of the cloud. I think in the future, maybe we'll approach nearly 100% of all developers being in some way an AI developer or at least having an appreciation of machine learning. And my hope is that there's this kind of effect that there's people who are not really interested in being a programmer or being into software engineering, like biologists, chemists, and physicists, even mechanical engineers, all these disciplines that are now more and mor
to find a job where I don't have to do that. So that was like the first time I thought about trying to find such a job, you know, being a writer. And then, and then I just read a lot of, uh, just classic science fiction short stories and started trying to write some of my own. And there were just classic young adult stories like by Heinlein and the other classic names that you think of. But the Heinlein ones stuck, have stuck with me in a way that the others didn't. What's the greatest science fiction book ever written, just removing your work from consideration? I'm loving torturing you right now. Greatest ever non Stevenson. Do we include fantasy or does it have to be science fiction? Oh, interesting fantasy. Hmm. I did not expect that twist. Uh, well, for in a weird way, they're lumped together in people's minds, right? So they are, but there, but there's also a boundary somehow. Yeah. I'm not sure what that is exactly. Nobody is. It's a mystery. So, I mean, if we do include it, then it's easily the, the Lord of the rings. But, um, I mean, greatness is a 
g into street fights, anyone, whatever, and just basically go, oh, you ever watch UFC? Yeah, yeah, that stuff's cool. What do you think? Oh, man, I'm super into it, man, it's badass. Rad. So would you wanna fight? Would you wanna fight? I mean, it was way easier picking fights than it was, you know, getting a girlfriend. So I just, you know, path least resistance. I think it might be useful for us to get some advice from you. Yeah, all right. Because you've accomplished, for the journey of a martial artist first, if you accomplish some of the greatest accolades there is in the sport, if somebody who's starting out now, or early on in their journey, what advice would you give on how to become a martial artist, catch wrestler, a fighter? Well, I mean, really what it comes down to is do it because you love it. Do it for that reason and that reason alone. Most people that get into this and attempt to make any sort of professional inroads with it, you are not going to be the world champion. You probably will never even fight for a belt and you're probably not g
sh, that's it. That's got to be right. I asked both Jim Watson and Francis Crick about this. I asked them, you know, when you were working on trying to discover the structure of the double helix, and when you came up with the sort of the structure that ended up being correct, but it was sort of a guess, you know, it wasn't really verified yet. I said, did you know that it was right? And they both said, absolutely. So we absolutely knew it was right. And it doesn't matter if other people didn't believe it or not, we knew it was right. They'd get around to thinking it and agree with it eventually anyway. And that's the kind of thing you hear a lot with scientists who really are studying a difficult problem. And I feel that way too about our work. Have you talked to Crick or Watson about the problem you're trying to solve, the, of finding the DNA of the brain? Yeah, in fact, Francis Crick was very interested in this in the latter part of his life. And in fact, I got interested in brains by reading an essay he wrote in 1979 called Thinking About the Br
lanets, it would do pretty well. But then now if a massive new mass enters our solar system, it would probably not predict what will happen, right? And that's a different kind of generalization. That's a generalization that relies on the ultimate simplest, simplest explanation that we have available today to explain the motion of planets, whereas just pattern recognition could predict our current solar system motion pretty well, no problem. And so I think that's an example of a kind of generalization that is a little different from what we've achieved so far. And it's not clear if just regularizing more and forcing it to come up with a simpler, simpler, simpler explanation and say, look, this is not simple. But that's what physics researchers do, right? They say, can I make this even simpler? How simple can I get this? What's the simplest equation that can explain everything? The master equation for the entire dynamics of the universe, we haven't really pushed that direction as hard in deep learning, I would say. Not sure if it should be pus
es, long distances, and so forth. So that's not the way it's supposed to be. We're trying to create a theory of physics, not two theories of physics. So we have an embarrassment that we have two different theories of physics. People have tried to make a unified theory, what they call a unified theory. You've heard those words for decades. They still haven't. That's been primarily done theoretically or tried. People actively do that. My personal belief is that like much of physics, we need some clues. So we need some experimental evidence. So where is there a place? If we go to CERN and do those experiments, gravitational waves or general relativity don't matter. If we go to study our black holes, elementary particle physics doesn't matter. We're studying these huge objects. So where might we have a place where both phenomena have to be satisfied? An example is black holes. Inside black holes. Yeah. So we can't do that today. But when I think of black hole, it's a potential treasure chest of understanding the fundamental problems of physics and may
then over time, the next generation of kids become a lot more high time preference. They haven't worked hard. They don't understand the meaning of hard work. So they become more likely to engage in destructive behavior. So raise taxes, pass laws that require people to do things, even when they're not hurting anybody. And that ends up basically eventually destroying the kingdom. Of course, power corrupts. So you have to kind of create human institutions that prevent you as a king or any kind of leader from expand, so going back on the original promises and the purposes of your position. And then distracting, using tools of technology and communication to distract the populace while you expand the power. Exactly. All right, you wrote the fiat standard. I think we danced around it quite a bit, but I don't know if we actually defined it. So what is fiat money? What is the history of how it came to be? The fascinating history of the birth of the fiat monetary system is something that really only got uncovered in 2017. This is extremely, extremel
Doc and then Baby Doc or fill in the blank, right? What happens sometimes in corporations where a corporate leader is not constrained by the shareholders, by the board or by anything. And they can seem to be a genius for a while, but eventually it catches up to them. And so the idea of constraints on executive power is absolutely fundamental to the American system, American way of thinking. And not only America, obviously large other parts of the world that have a similar system, not an identical system, but a similar system of checks and balances on executive power. And so the case that I study, the only checks and balances on executive power are circumstantial. So for example, distances in the country, it's hard to do something over 5,000 miles or the amount of time in a day, it's hard for a leader to get to every single thing the leader wants to get to because there are only 24 hours in a day. Those are circumstantial constraints on executive power. They're not institutional constraints on executive power. One of the constraints on exe
There's a cost benefit trade off of what's going on, what's happening to your brain in that situation. We don't know the consequences of modern day life on our brain. We don't, it's the most valuable organ in our existence. And we don't know what's going on if we, in how we're treating it today with stress and with sleep and with dietary. And to me, then if you say that you're trying to, you're trying to optimize life for whatever things you're trying to do. The game is soon with the progress in anti aging and biology, the game is very soon going to become different than what it is right now with organ rejuvenation, organ replacement. And I would conjecture that we will value the health status of our brain above all things. Yeah, no, absolutely. Everything you're saying is true, but we die. We die pretty quickly, life is short. And I'm one of those people that I would rather die in battle than stay safe at home. It's like, yeah, you look at kind of, there's a lot of things that you can reasonably say, these are, this is the smart thing to do that can 
t that job at age 32 and then you wake up the next morning and you're 65 and you think, where did my life go? What was I doing? That to me, I would feel, I would want to hug you. And I would say, I'm just, and I'm not saying, I don't want to sound belittling here at all. I would just not wish that for you. I would wish that you could have thought about what it was that you're doing and not have that regret. Yeah, so I guess I'm, this is for you, the listener. I'm coming out of the closet here a little bit. The fact that I enjoy the madness I live in. So please do not criticize me, embrace me. I understand the sacrifices I'm making. I enjoy sleeping on the floor when I'm passionate programming all night and just pass out on the carpet. I love this life. Okay, so it's, but it's definitely something I think about that there's a balance, a strike where. I just want you to have as much of it though. Of life. See, quality of life is important. I should have said, I want you to have as much high quality life. And if high quality of life means I spend five decades 
d the recession. And now a lot of people lost their jobs and they don't have enough money to go out and spend frivolously. So they save for the future, the future is uncertain. That's a good thing, that's how you fix things. You begin the recovery by, well, you lost some wealth, so you spend less, like if your business goes bust, if you lose your job, it's natural and smart that you stop spending money on the frivolous thing that you used to spend and you save it for the future. You invest in something else, you get a new job. And then once you've recovered, you start spending more. This is very sane and very good and it's the way to recovery. But essentially the Keynesians have used this as a justification for more inflation because inflation is an addiction. Once the government gets down the path of spending money to solve its problems, then every problem looks like it can be solved by more inflation. And so this is where Keynesian economics comes in. And of course, the Keynesian economics is based on the work of Keynes, which came in t
l sin. If you think of sin, not as evil, but as missing the mark, the archer's term where it derives, or even like in Spanish, you know, without. So as being, if you accept that you are imperfect, if you accept that you need to constantly strive even against yourself, because you will figure out the best ways at which to submarine your own capabilities, submarine your own dreams and wishes and whatever, you will ruin them more than anything else. And you will tell yourself that you ruined them on purpose for a good reason, or you'll say that you'll figure out a way to put it on everything else but yourself. And so the idea of thinking of, well, as I'm starting off on this whole thing, I got a lot of work to do, and that's just the way it is. And I gotta figure out what areas those are gonna be. And so, you know, I thought, oh yeah, if I think of original sin actually can be, that can be kind of a clever idea, but it's also just accepting that we're all uniquely strange and unequal in our own ways, but we have to figure out how that fits in. The 
ism into the country, perhaps into the whole world. So maybe my question is what role does communism as an idea, as an ideology play in all of this? What was the power in the people of the time, in the Russian people, actually just the whole 20th century? You're right. Stalin was a true believer, and this is very important. He was also hungry for power and for personal power, but just as you said, not for power's sake, not only for power. He was interested in enacting communism in reality and also in building a powerful state. He was a statist, a traditional Russian statist in the imperial sense, and this won him a lot of followers. The fact that they knew he was a hardcore true believing communist won him a lot of followers among the communists, and the fact that he was a hardcore defender of Russian state interests now in the Soviet guise also won him a lot of followers. Sometimes those groups overlapped, the communists and the Russian patriots, and sometimes they were completely different groups, but both of them shared an admiratio
I tend to, well, I'm hopeful. I agree with you on the current technology, but I am hopeful on like some others on the technology eventually being able to create that kind of experience or quite far away from that, but it might be able to, my hope is, you know, I'm hopeful. I was at Microsoft in Seattle and I can't remember why. And no, I can't. I, that's how I'm in my early Mr. Magoo phase. And somebody there was showing us like a virtual wall where the entire wall, you know, when you're talking to somebody, so it's life size and they were beginning the, get the appearance of motion and stuff. It looked pretty. Yeah. With virtual reality too, I don't know if you've ever been inside a virtual world. It's to me, it's I can just see the future. It's quite real in terms of like a terror of death. I'm afraid of heights. Me too. And there's, I don't know if you've ever tried, you should, if you haven't, there's a virtual reality experience where you can walk a plank. Yeah. You can look down and man, I was on the ground like, I was like, I was afraid. I was deeply afraid. I
ouldn't figure out what was wrong with me. Well, Dr. Hugh, he nailed it to the T. And we talk. And the same thing that the dozen of my close friends that have cancer, the same thing we say is the fear. So Mr. Koch and I, we shared that same sledgehammer to the chest and that same fear. And it didn't matter how much money he had and how much I didn't. And you know, it's just like the morning of the trade center. There was big time brokers who went to their demise, right? Working in these firms, God rest them. And there was dishwashers, excuse me, dishwashers up on the windows on the world restaurant on the 107th floor, making five bucks an hour. And they died together, it didn't matter. It didn't matter if you had an armored car loaded with bills, you were done that day. And that's, I think where people need to humanize each other. Just because you drive around in a nice car and you got your own jet and you got this and you got that, don't mean nothing. When you're going, when you're in that vulnerable spot, you could have more money than the US reserves
 we come later back to that. I claim intelligence can be explained or described in one single equation. This very rich phenomenon. You asked also about whether I understand this phenomenon and it's probably not. And there's this saying, you never understand really things, you just get used to them. And I think I got pretty used to cellular automata. So you believe that you understand now why this phenomenon happens. But I give you a different example. I didn't play too much with Conway's game of life but a little bit more with fractals and with the Mandelbrot set and these beautiful patterns, just look Mandelbrot set. And well, when the computers were really slow and I just had a black and white monitor and programmed my own programs in assembler too. Assembler, wow. Wow, you're legit. To get these fractals on the screen and it was mesmerized and much later. So I returned to this every couple of years and then I tried to understand what is going on. And you can understand a little bit. So I tried to derive the locations, there are thes
unts of ridiculously noisy data. And if you don't have the computational pipeline in your head before you even design the experiment, you would never design the experiment that way. That's brilliant. So in designing the experiment, you have to see the entirety of the computational pipeline. That drives the design. That even drives the necessity for that design. Basically, you know, if you didn't have a computer scientist way of thinking, you would never design these hugely combinatorial, massively parallel experiments. So that's why you need interdisciplinary teams, you need teams. And I want to sort of clarify that what do we mean by computational biology group? The focus is not on computational, the focus is on the biology. So we are a biology group. What type of biology? Computational biology. That's the type of biology that uses the whole genome. That's the type of biology that designs experiments, genomic experiments, that can only be interpreted in the context of the whole genome. Right. So it's philosophically looking at biology as a 
ou just establish a consensus. It could be very distant from something that's real in an engineering sense of real. Like you could build it using physics. But I think that a valuable application for an AI robot would be just to do nothing except that. It just sits there and if you hear a door slam, you might turn to see what it is. If the robot at the same time turns to look at the door slam, it's ratifying your perception. But isn't that the basis of love is when the door slams, you both look, but for deeper things, you both hear the same music and others don't. I mean, isn't that what that means? Yeah. By love, I mean depth of human connection. Yeah. Yeah, you arrive at similar reactions without having to explicitly communicate it. Yeah. But we could start with a robot that listens explicitly for the slam doors or scary sounds. I can think of an example of this is when I went to college, we'd be sitting at the cafeteria, a bunch of people eating our dinner together that we had just met, let's say. So a bunch of new people in your life and 
 go, kid? That was the tour, we called it Tour of Duty. I said, oh, dad, it was great, it was great, I love it. And he goes, well, just remember, you keep low, you always keep low. And keep low means you stay down below the flames, if a room flashes over and it's burning, if you stay up high, you're gonna get burned badly. But if you get down on your belly and you crawl, you'll get out. So he'd always say that when he'd hang up the phone. And I said, well, I love you, pop. And he says, well, thanks, kid. I said, well, you can say it too. Oh, nice, you pressured him. And he did, and he said it. And now every time we talk, he says it. So, you know, they talk about masculinity and whatnot. And my dad is one of those tough, tough guys with a soft edge. And that's how he brought me up, you know, to be a protector. I hate bullies. I was bullied really badly as a kid, and I really hated it. And now I find myself sometimes throwing myself into situations to protect people that are being, you know, violated and hurt. And I just can't walk away from it. But that's my dad. My dad wa
ally wasn't derived, he just made this, didn't pick up on it or general relativity much because quantum mechanics became the thing in physics. And Einstein only picked up this problem again after he immigrated to the US. So he came to the US in 1932. And I think in 1934 or 1935, he was working with another physicist called Rosen, who he did several important works with, and they revisited the question. And they had a problem that most of us as students always had, that study general relativity. General relativity is really hard because it's four dimensional instead of three dimensional. And if you don't set it up right, you get infinities, which don't belong there. We call them coordinate singularities as a name. But if you get these infinities, you don't get the answers you want. And he was trying to derive now general relativity from general relativity, gravitational waves. And in doing it, he kept getting these infinities. And so he wrote a paper with Rosen that he submitted to our most important journal, Physical Review Letters. And that when it 
an designing a new experiment. You know, neuroscience experiments take a long time, years. So, although some people are doing that now too. So, but between all of these things, I think it's a reasonable, actually a very, very good approach. We are blessed with the fact that we can test our theories out the yin yang here because there's so much unassimilar data and we can also falsify our theories very easily, which we do often. So it's kind of reminiscent to whenever that was with Copernicus, you know, when you figure out that the sun's at the center of the solar system as opposed to earth, the pieces just fall into place. Yeah, I think that's the general nature of aha moments is, and it's Copernicus, it could be, you could say the same thing about Darwin, you could say the same thing about, you know, about the double helix, that people have been working on a problem for so long and have all this data and they can't make sense of it, they can't make sense of it. But when the answer comes to you and everything falls into place, it's like, oh my go
es. And every one of your tissues, like your fat, for example, has a lot of macrophages that are resident. And the M1 versus M2 macrophage ratio has a huge role to play in obesity. And so basically, again, these immune cells are everywhere, but basically what we found through this completely unbiased view of what are the tissues that likely underlie different disorders, we found that Alzheimer's was humongously enriched in microglia, but not at all in the other cell types. So what are we supposed to make that if you look at the tissues involved, is that simply useful for indication of propensity for disease, or does it give us somehow a pathway of treatment? It's very much the second. If you look at the way to therapeutics, you have to start somewhere. What are you going to do? You're going to basically make assays that manipulate those genes and those pathways in those cell types. So before we know the tissue of action, we don't even know where to start. We basically are at a loss. But if you know the tissue of action, and even better, if
lectual, everything. You're referring to, I'm sorry, just for the obesity one. Yeah, this one paper. This one single paper. This one single locus. I would like to say that this is a paper about one nucleotide in the human genome, about one bit of information, C versus T in the human genome. That's one bit of information and we have 3.2 billion nucleotides to go through. So how do you do that systematically? I am so excited about the next phase of research because the technologies that my group and many other groups have developed allows us to now do this systematically, not just one locus at a time, but thousands of loci at a time. So let me describe some of these technologies. The first one is automation and robotics. So basically, you know, we talked about how you can take all of these molecules and see which of these molecules are targeting each of these genes and what do they do? So you can basically now screen through millions of molecules through thousands and thousands and thousands of plates, each of which has thousands and thous
 then creates more complexity and therefore we have something that we perceive as progress but that's not what evolution is inherently set to do. And yeah, that's really fascinating how a simple set of rules or simple mappings can, how from such simple mappings, complexity can emerge. So it's a question of emergence and self organization. And the game of life is one of the simplest ones and very visual and therefore it drives home the point that it's possible that nonlinear interactions and this kind of complexity can emerge from them. And biology and evolution is along the same lines. We have simple representations. DNA, if you really think of it, it's not that complex. It's a long sequence of them, there's lots of them but it's a very simple representation. And similarly with evolutionary computation, whatever string or tree representation we have and the operations, the amount of code that's required to manipulate those, it's really, really little. And of course, game of life even less. So how complexity emerges from such simple princip
t's actually, without having the right faculties, which would need to be developed, because this is dealing with tech that brings things, ways of approaching being that we are not naturally programmed to be able to handle appropriately. And I think it's even more detrimental to women than men, because I think women have a more natural proclivity towards group association and more group oriented thinking and patterning. And now, and with also coupled with seemingly more sensitivity towards human states. So I feel like women, like the classic idea is like, oh, you know, women are psychic, you know, they have a sixth sense and what have you. And I think that's just a way of simplifying, what I think is that women may be more in tune with picking up on the unsaid. Like they might be better at seeing physical cues, inflection and tone, like different, like they may be far more sensitive to these things, which to me would make sense, because dealing with children that can't communicate. So distinctively, right now, okay. Now, whether it be a woma
 going to be? What is the information transfer rate? And they were in the market for a certain duration of time and Google bought them for two and a half billion dollars. They didn't have ancillary value add. There weren't people building on top of the Fitbit device. They also didn't have increased insight with additional data streams. So it was really just the device. If you look, for example, at Apple and the device they sell, you have value in the device that someone buys, but also you have everyone who's building on top of it. So you have this additional ecosystem value and then you have additional data streams that come in which increase the value of the product. And so if you say, if you look at the hardware as the instigator of value creation, over time what we've built may constitute five or 10% of the value of the overall ecosystem. And that's what we really care about. What we're trying to do is kickstart the mainstream adoption of quantifying the brain. And the hardware just opens the door to say what kind of ecosystem could 
 reality, I would say that in this moment, I think the real game going on is that evolution built a system of scaffolding intelligence that produced us. We are now building intelligence systems that are scaffolding higher dimensional intelligence, that's developing more robust systems of intelligence. In doing in that process with the cost going to zero, then the meaning of life becomes goal alignment, which is the negotiation of our conscious and unconscious existence. And then I'd say the third thing is, if we're thinking that we wanna be explorers is our technological progress is getting to a point where we could aspirationally say, we want to figure out what is really going on, really going on, because does any of this really make sense? Now we may be a hundred, 200, 500, a thousand years away from being able to poke our way out of whatever is going on. But it's interesting that we could even state an aspiration to say, we wanna poke at this question. But I'd say in this moment of time, the meaning of life is that we can build a future
ut very simple cases and then there's the other thing which is that a lot of what we're interested in is historically conditioned it's not a matter of the fundamental equations but about what has evolved or come out of the early universe and formed into people and frogs and societies and things and the laws of physics the basic laws of physics only take you so far in that it kind of provides a foundation but doesn't really that you need entirely different concepts to deal with those kind of systems and one thing I can say about that is that the laws themselves point out their limitations that they kind of their laws for dynamical evolution so they tell you what happens if you have a certain starting point but they don't tell you what the starting point should be at least yeah and the other thing that emerges from the equations themselves is the phenomena of chaos and sensitivity to initial conditions which tells us that you have that there are intrinsic limitations on how well we can spell out the consequences of 
 it creates a much more stable set for society to build where we understand the rules of play and people aren't vulnerable to being taken advantage. It's not fair for an individual to be taken advantage of without their awareness with some other practice that some company is doing for their sole benefit. And so hopefully we are going through a process now where we're correcting for these things and that it can be an economy wide shift that, because really these are fundamentals we need to have in place. It's kind of fun to think about like in Chrome when you install an extension or like install an app, it's ask you like what permissions you're willing to give and be cool if in the future it says like, you can have access to my brain data. I mean, it's not unimaginable in the future that the big technology companies have built a business based upon acquiring data about you that they can then create a view to model of you and sell that predictability. And so it's not unimaginable that you will create with like kernel device, for
 weigh them, what is more important to human beings, water, internet or iPhones? It's water, right? So if we look at resources, if we start with what do human beings need to live? I mean, actually live, not live here in this bullshit fantasy creation extension of our own ingenuity and a prison of our own creation and also a paradise of our own creation. But this is not how human beings normally live. This is all built upon stuff, it's built on concept, on idea and some of it's built on just, well, this is the paradigm so this is what you do. Human beings need food, they need water to survive, they need shelter from the elements and they need certain skills to perpetuate these things and be able to pass them down so that they can, so that these things don't become, you don't end up in this gap where you have to relearn things because if it's lost, then that time before you can get it back again is going to be dark ages of sorts or it's going to be highly detrimental to your group because not knowing how to fish, not knowing how to hunt, not
onment I love, but at the same time, Conan the Barbarian by John Milius is one of my favorite films of all time. And you know, that's such a pure film in a way. Like, the motivations are pure. They're very easy to follow, but not lacking in depth. You know, it's not just explosions and teal and orange. It's more on the human condition and I love it. And it's shot incredibly well. It's got an incredible soundtrack. Yeah, I fucking love it. But with Blade Runner also in a deeper sense, you know, again, the human condition. You know, you start seeing like, what is being? What is being human? You know, how does this relate to if you can make it and you can tell it what to do, at what point is it like you should or you shouldn't? You know, why do you get to determine what's alive and what's not? What's a life that should be allowed to live and what isn't? And what would be the strain of being Roy Batty and seeing all these incredible moments that with his passing will no longer exist? Especially if he hasn't had a chance to put that flame into another torc
ant to take something crazy, take a leap into the unknown, be an entrepreneur. What can you say about that kind of leap? Taking on debt. What's the value of that within the current system? What's the right approach to that within the current system? What's the right approach overall from an economics perspective? So it's not saving for the future. It's doing something wild, taking the money from your mattress, taking on debt, and having a dream in your heart that you somehow just want to do. Maybe it's not the wisest investment decision, but it's something, you know, it's being human. It's taking a leap into the unknown because something in your heart says to do it. I think you're more likely to be taking the leap in the unknown when you have a little bit of gold in the mattress than when you don't. I think this is the thing. Like if you look at the late 19th century, and I discussed this in the Bitcoin standard, that was arguably the most innovative period in human history. You know, there's qualitative evidence. You know, look at the world around
The following is a conversation with Risto Michaelainen, a computer scientist at University of Texas at Austin and Associate Vice President of Evolutionary Artificial Intelligence at Cognizant. He specializes in evolutionary computation, but also many other topics in artificial intelligence, cognitive science, and neuroscience. Quick mention of our sponsors, Jordan Harbin's show, Grammarly, Belcampo, and Indeed. Check them out in the description to support this podcast. As a side note, let me say that nature inspired algorithms from ant colony optimization to genetic algorithms to cellular automata to neural networks have always captivated my imagination, not only for their surprising power in the face of long odds, but because they always opened up doors to new ways of thinking about computation. It does seem that in the long arc of computing history, running toward biology, not running away from it is what leads to long term progress. This is the Lex Friedman podcast, and here is my conversation with Risto Michaelainen. If we ra
a little exclusionary, but they wanted good guys. And I said to myself, that's who I am in life right now. I am content, but I'm restless because I want to really do a lot more good. It's like this podcast. I want to make sure that it's not forgotten. And I want to make sure that these charities that are really, really helping people get recognized. But I'd like to take it a step further, right? A friend of mine runs this foundation for young folks suffering mental illness and in crisis. It's for someone that we love dearly. And he's on a mission now to get therapy dogs for really, really mentally wounded warriors, right? A lot of these young soldiers are having a really hard time. And now they could be out a while. They may have come back in country two, three years ago. Now it's just starting to set in. And there's a waiting list for thousands of therapy dogs. And he said that they can't get enough of them quick enough. But he said, when you see the response, the way these veterans just light up when they get these dogs, it just changes their 
ts and sort of how they're impacting metabolic organs across the body and across many different tissues. And all of them are interfacing with the circuitry. And the reason for that is another computer science principle of eat your own dog food. If everybody ate their own dog food, dog food would taste a lot better. The reason why Microsoft Excel and Word and PowerPoint was so important and so successful is because the employees that were working on them, were using them for their day to day tasks. You can't just simply build a circuitry and say, here it is guys, take the circuitry, we're done without being the users of that circuitry because you then go back. And because we span the whole spectrum from profiling the epigenome, using comparative genomics, finding the important nucleotides in the genome, building the basic functional map of what are the genes in the human genome, what are the gene regulatory elements of the human genome. I mean, over the years we've written a series of papers on how do you find human genes in the f
did you first fall in love with the dream of understanding sleep? Like, where did the fascination with sleep begin? So back in the United Kingdom, you can sort of start doing medicine at age 18, and it's a five year program, and I was at the Queen's Medical Center in the UK, and I remember just being fascinated by states of consciousness, and particularly anesthesia. I was thinking, isn't that, within seconds, I can take a perfectly conscious human being, and I can remove all existence of the mentality and their awareness within seconds, and that stunned me. So I started to get really interested in conscious states. I even started to read a lot about hypnosis, and all of these things, hypnosis, even sleep and dreams at the time, they were very esoteric. It was sort of charlatan science at that stage, and I think almost all of my colleagues and I are accidental sleep researchers. No one, as I recall, in the classroom when you're sort of five years old, and the teacher says, what would you like to be when you grow up? No one's putting their hand
You can't have a permanent war without fiat. And I also think there's a case to be made that you can't really have fiat without war. The following is a conversation with Safety Namus, one of the central and most impactful economists, philosophers, and educators in the world of Bitcoin. He's an Austrian economist, an anarchist, and the author of The Bitcoin Standard and the new book, The Fiat Standard. Safety does not mince words in his criticism of economists and humans in general with whom he disagrees. For example, Paul Krugman, who is a neo Ecclidean economist and a previous guest at this podcast. Safety's opinions are strong and often controversial. I do push back in this conversation, playing devil's advocate or trying to steal man each side. But as always, I do so in the service of exploring the rich space of ideas that Safety has about human nature and human civilization. I trust the intelligence of you, the listener, to come to your own conclusions. That is the burden of being a free thinking human. It is on each of us individual
e are in the world today. So copper companies obviously have some stockpiles of copper. Major copper consumers will have stockpiles of copper, but the vast majority of copper is essentially on a conveyor belt of production from the mine straight to the consumer good that it's being used for. So the existing stockpiles are roughly in the range of one year's production. If you take all of the companies, I don't have exact statistics, hence it's very difficult to get these, but it's roughly in the same range. Like if copper production were to stop completely today, we'll have about a year's production stored in various places. So that makes copper terrible money because if you started using copper as money, and this is why a lot of people say, well, money is a collective illusion. Money is a social construct. If we all agree that something is money, then something is money. I think this is completely clueless, and it's usually Marxists who believe this, obviously no understanding of economics. It's completely clueless because even if everybo
little people and I have an obligation whether I like it or not, I need to be there. And so it did, it felt like I was just stuck in a straight jacket. And I had to decide whether I was going to summit the next day with the team. And it was a difficult decision because once you start hiking, there's no way to get off the mountain. And a midnight came and our guide came in and he said, where are you at? And I said, I think I'm okay, I think I can try. And so we went. And so from midnight to, I made it to the summit at 5 a.m. It was one of the most transformational moments of my existence. And the mountain became my problem. It became everything that I was struggling with. And when I started hiking, it was, the pain got so ferocious that it was kind of like this. It became so ferocious that I turned my music to Eminem and it was, Eminem was the, he was the only person in existence that spoke to my soul. And it was something about his anger and his vibrancy and his multi eventually, he's the only person who I could turn on and I could just s
. He's just a loner. I mean, I don't know that his personality sucked at all. Let me walk that back and that he was human. Say his personality sucked. He was sometimes contradictory, irrational. Sometimes he was quite sexist despite the emails I've gotten. That told me that there's people who has written to me that Nietzsche has been unfairly labeled as sexist in his discussion about women. I'm pretty sure there's a bunch of documents where he's just like, he's just a bitter guy. I will agree with you. And Marx is as bitter as they come to, but bitterness in and of itself doesn't make, like why I hate Marxism comes from the entirety of the thing. But I'm not going to say that Marxism or practic... Man, you can find any forbidden book and it could have something good in it. As colonel is a good idea. Yeah, and like at the end of the day, Marx is a human being. He's got a nice beard. He does, he had a hell of a beard. Yeah, a decent portrait. I mean, he looks like the kind of guy like, I wouldn't want to meet him in a dark alley, but thankfully I don't thi
ecision for knowledge and insight. And when they make the mistake, in my estimation, that Einstein bemoaned, and that's this idea that the mere accumulation of data will necessarily result in conceptual breakthroughs. And so I like the, well, we're all, I hope, appreciative of the people who trained us. But I remember my first day in graduate school at the University of Kansas, they brought us into a room and on one side of the board was a quote by Kurt Lewin or Levine, famous German social psychologist. And the quote is, there's nothing more useful than a good theory. And then on the other side was another quote by a German physicist, his name eludes me, and it was all theories are wrong. And I'm like, which is it? And of course, the point is that it's both. Our theories are, I believe, powerful ways to direct our attention to aspects of human affairs that might render us better able to understand ourselves in the world around us. Now, I also, as an experimental psychologist, I adhere to the view that theories are essentially hypothesis gen
from everything else we know about in the world. Yeah, I think it's clear. It's very poorly understood at the moment. I think it has something to do with information processing. So the fact that the brain is a computer or something like a computer. So that would mean that very advanced AI could be conscious of information processors in general could be conscious with some suitable complexity, but that also some suitable complexity. It's a question whether greater complexity creates some kind of greater consciousness which relates to animals. Yeah, right. Is there if it's an information processing system and it's smaller and smaller is an ant less conscious than a cow less conscious than a monkey. Yeah, and again this super hard question, but I think my best guess is yes, like if you if I think well consciousness, it's not some magical thing that appears out of nowhere. It's not you know, Descartes thought it was just comes in from this other realm and then enters through the pineal gland in your brain and that's kind of soul and it's c
u know, humans were seeded onto the planet as part of a galactic, you know, program of some sort. And then we're just returning home, hanging out with our old relatives. Distant cousins. Yeah. But that doesn't seem, you know, it doesn't seem plausible. We know that humans had sex with Neanderthals, with Denisovans, so you could think of them as aliens that came from our planet. So that's a kind of data point, I guess. But you know, if you broaden your definition of sex to mean any kind of gratifying physical interaction then sure. Right. Dancing. And that's how we get to love. And love can take many forms. Love can certainly take many forms. I have to ask you, in terms of space, just looking at where Blue Origin is, looking at where SpaceX is today, and maybe looking out 10, 20 years out from now, are you impressed at what's happening? We just saw William Shatner go up to space. Yeah, I was just watching his video this morning before I came here. Yeah. Are you impressed at where things stand today? Yeah. I mean, SpaceX in particular has done things that a
we have accumulated, it is passed on and people are picking up on it and they are building on it. So it's not like we have reached the point of saturation. We have still this process that allows us to be selective and decide what's interesting, I think still works even with the more information we have today. Yeah, it's fascinating to think about like Wikipedia becoming a sensor. Like, so the fire hose of information from Wikipedia. So it's like you integrated directly into the brain to where you're thinking, like you're observing the world with all of Wikipedia directly piping into your brain. So like when I see a light, I immediately have like the history of who invented electricity, like integrated very quickly into. So just the way you think about the world might be very interesting if you can integrate that kind of information. What are your thoughts, if I could ask on early steps on the Neuralink side? I don't know if you got a chance to see, but there was a monkey playing pong through the brain computer interface. And the dream
ose early days, let's say, of mixed martial arts like? Let me tell you the day of high adventure. Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun. Yeah, it is. It was so much fun. And it made you feel absolutely like you were a part of a novel, a comic book. I mean, I would love to transcribe my experiences as what I consider a second generation MMA athlete, except I'm way too sensitive to anybody's personal, any things that are not even to... I'm not a gossipy person. I really do believe that small people talk about others. Big people talk about ideas. But there's just some stories that you can't tell without telling the whole story. And there are so many amazing stories that could be told. People being at their best, people being at their worst. Yeah, the whole niche of gossip. Is there something you could speak to the chaos of the time? Oh, 100%. Well, okay, so we at AMC got connected to somebody that was throwing an event in Nampa, Idaho, and we all piled into this. And Matt Humes, Subaru Wagon, and we jammed out. And we left Kirkland and we headed over to I
me hundred barcodes. You've now labeled every cell probabilistically based on the unique path that he took of which of a hundred bottles did he go for the first time, which of a hundred bottles the second time and which of a hundred bottles the third time. A hundred times a hundred times a hundred is a million unique barcodes in every single one of these cells without ever using microfluidics. Very clever. It's beautiful, right? From a computer science perspective, that's very clever. Yeah. So you now have the single cell sequence technology. You can use the wells, you can use the bubbles or you can use the bottles and you have way The bubbles still sound pretty damn cool. The bubbles are awesome. And that's basically the main technology that we're using. So the bubbles is the main technology. So there are kits now that companies just sell to basically carry out single cell RNA sequencing that you can basically for $2,000, you can basically get 10,000 cells from one sample. And for every one of those cells, you basically have the transcription 
ould fight each other in the battlefield. But in the cities, life went on as normal. And people within the same cities, within the cities of the two countries would be trading with one another. Life would go on, but the war would be there. And it was just an independent part of politics that all right, we have a problem over this piece of land. Let's take it outside. We don't fight in the civilian areas. We go to the battlefield. We fight with professional armies. And in fact, sometimes the conflicts would be, the armies would line up and they would just have a small contingent of the two armies fight with one another. And as soon as one of them establishes an advantage, then all right, well, you won, let's move on with it. Governments were far, far, far more careful about their monetary policy and their, sorry, their war policy when they couldn't print their money. And that has changed with Fiat. And that has allowed this new emergence of this class of what I like to call chicken hawks of people who sit in offices like the entire foreign 
he security of transactions. Now, we just need to do the same for autonomous vehicles and AI systems in general. So again, if you get Cash App from the App Store or Google Play, and use the code LEXPODCAST, you get $10, and Cash App will also donate $10 to FIRST, an organization that is helping to advance robotics and STEM education for young people around the world. And now, here's my conversation with William McCaskill. What does utopia for humans and all life on Earth look like for you? That's a great question. What I want to say is that we don't know, and the utopia we want to get to is an indirect one that I call the long reflection. So, period of post scarcity, no longer have the kind of urgent problems we have today, but instead can spend, perhaps it's tens of thousands of years debating, engaging in ethical reflection in order, before we take any kind of drastic lock in, actions like spreading to the stars, and then we can figure out what is of kind of moral value. The long reflection, that's a really beautiful term. So, if we look at Twi
's one part in 10 to the 21. That's 21 zeros and a one. Okay. So this is like a delay in the thing coming back? One of them coming back after the other one, but the difference is just one part in 10 to the 21. So for that reason, we make it big, let the arms be long. Okay, so one part in 10 to the 21. In our case, it's kilometers long. So we have an instrument that's kilometers in one direction, kilometers in the other. How many kilometers are we talking about? Four kilometers. Four kilometers in each direction. If you take then one part in 10 to the 21, we're talking about measuring something to 10 to the minus 18 meters. Okay. Now, to tell you how small that is, the proton thing we're made of, which you can't go and grab so easily, is 10 to the minus 15 meters. So this is one one thousandth the size of a proton. That's the size of the effect. Einstein himself didn't think this could be measured. We've never seen, actually, he said that. But that's because he didn't anticipate modern lasers and techniques that we developed. Okay. So maybe can you tell me a little bit what you're 
ly say that sharks are really smart because they've been around so long and they haven't destroyed their environment, which humans are about to do, which is not a very smart thing. But we'll get over it, I believe. And we can get over it by doing some construction that actually is benign and maybe even enhances the resilience of nature. So you mentioned the simulation that we run over and over might start, it's a slow start. So do you think how unlikely, first of all, I don't know if you think about this kind of stuff, but how unlikely is step number zero, which is the springing up, like the origin of life on earth? And second, how unlikely is the, anything interesting happening beyond that? So like the start that creates all the rich complexity that we see on earth today. Yeah, there are people who are working on exactly that problem from primordial soup. How do you actually get self replicating molecules? And they are very close. With a little bit of help, you can make that happen. So of course we know what we want, so they can set up t
ve a Google translate for the evolved languages. Yes, and if we do that enough, we have perhaps an idea what an alien language might be like, the space of where those languages can be. Because we can set up their environment differently. It doesn't need to be gravity. You can have all kinds of, societies can be different. They may have no predators. They may have all, everybody's a predator. All kinds of situations. And then see what the space possibly is where those languages are and what the difficulties are. That'd be really good actually to do that before the aliens come here. Yes, it's good practice. On the similar connection, you can think of AI systems as aliens. Is there ways to evolve a communication scheme for, there's a field you can call it explainable AI, for AI systems to be able to communicate. So you evolve a bunch of agents, but for some of them to be able to talk to you also. So to evolve a way for agents to be able to communicate about their world to us humans. Do you think that there's possible mechanisms for doing that
The following is a conversation with Andrew Ng, one of the most impactful educators, researchers, innovators, and leaders in artificial intelligence and technology space in general. He cofounded Coursera and Google Brain, launched Deep Learning AI, Landing AI, and the AI Fund, and was the chief scientist at Baidu. As a Stanford professor and with Coursera and Deep Learning AI, he has helped educate and inspire millions of students, including me. This is the Artificial Intelligence Podcast. If you enjoy it, subscribe on YouTube, give it five stars on Apple Podcast, support it on Patreon, or simply connect with me on Twitter at Lex Friedman, spelled F R I D M A N. As usual, I'll do one or two minutes of ads now and never any ads in the middle that can break the flow of the conversation. I hope that works for you and doesn't hurt the listening experience. This show is presented by Cash App, the number one finance app in the App Store. When you get it, use code LEXPODCAST. Cash App lets you send money to friends, buy Bitcoin, and invest in the
n we were saying gold was, you'd hold it as a saving, as the secure part of your portfolio and then you take risk with the equity. Currently people do that by holding a part of their portfolio in bonds. That's the part that they treat as their saving account. And then the rest they use for not speculation, for investment in which they take risk. Yeah, speculation. And that's stocks and equity and other high risk assets. I think Bitcoin is not gonna replace equity. There will always be equity. There'll always be companies and people will wanna have equity. But it'll probably replace a big chunk of current equity markets because right now, if you want to save, it used to be that you hold bonds. Now, if you wanna save, you go into stock indexes. So I think Bitcoin likely eats a big chunk of equity markets because currently it's, people are using it as saving. And I think it eats all the bonds. That's my most ambitious statement. The question is the scale of time that happens across, but the most important statement you make is about trend. Yea
ose a new leader among options. Many people speculate that President Putin will name a successor the way Yeltsin named Putin as his successor, President Boris Yeltsin. And then Putin will leave the stage and allow the successor to take over. That might seem like a good solution, but once again, we don't need a system where you hang on for as long as possible and then nominate who's going to take over. We need a system that has the kind of corrective mechanisms that democracies and markets have along with rule of law. A corrective mechanism is really important because all leaders make mistakes. But when you can't correct for the mistakes, then the mistakes get compounded. Putin could well, he seems to be healthy, he could well last as many years as Stalin. It's hard to predict because events intercede sometimes and create circumstances that are unforeseen and leaders get overthrown or have a heart attack or whatever. There's a palace insurrection where ambitious leaders on the inside for both personal power and patriotic reasons 
ve to understand the entire human society and history in order to understand the sentence very much fully. There are plenty of examples of those kinds of short sentences when you bring in all the world knowledge to understand it. And that's the big challenge. Now we are far from that, but even just bringing in the visual world together with the sentence will give you already a lot deeper understanding of what's happening. And I think that that's where we're going very soon. I mean, we've had ImageNet for a long time, and now we have all these text collections, but having both together and then learning a semantic understanding of what is happening, I think that that will be the next step in the next few years. Yeah, you're starting to see that with all the work with Transformers, was the community, the AI community starting to dip their toe into this idea of having language models that are now doing stuff with images, with vision, and then connecting the two. I mean, right now it's like these little explorations we're literally dippin
with their career, can have a successful career, or to have a life they can be proud of, what would you tell them? I'd say probably the most important advice that I would give is to find a way to give value to other people. This is really the key thing. You need to wake up every morning and figure out how to serve others. This is the key to everything you want in life. Everything that you want is on the other side of you serving others. So figure out how you can serve others in a good way, how you can do it in a way that they value. And you've got an incredible mechanism for figuring that out, which is the market. Go out there and do things for other people. And you know, the market will tell you. The market will tell you exactly. If you're young, you have the enormous advantage of being able to make mistakes, essentially, and learn from them. So go out there, do things of value for others, figuring out how you can do something that contributes, what is it that you can do that contributes the most value to other people's lives? And incre
 you can fool a human into not knowing whether this is a human or not, so that's the Turing test, I would be truly impressed. And we have this annual competition, the Lbner Prize. And I mean, it started with ELISA, that was the first conversational program. And what is it called? The Japanese Mitsuko or so. That's the winner of the last couple of years. And well. Quite impressive. Yeah, it's quite impressive. And then Google has developed Mina, right? Just recently, that's an open domain conversational bot, just a couple of weeks ago, I think. Yeah, I kind of like the metric that sort of the Alexa Prize has proposed. I mean, maybe it's obvious to you. It wasn't to me of setting sort of a length of a conversation. Like you want the bot to be sufficiently interesting that you would want to keep talking to it for like 20 minutes. And that's a surprisingly effective in aggregate metric, because really, like nobody has the patience to be able to talk to a bot that's not interesting and intelligent and witty, and is able to go on to different tangents, ju
. We need to move on. The beautiful thing about problems is they show you how not to do things, and they give opportunity to new ideas to flourish and to beat out the ideas of the old, which is a dream for me to see new social media that beats out the ways of the old. So I tend to, you perhaps agree that it's not, that it's impossible to do social media well. Oh, not at all. I mean, I listened to your interview with Jaren a couple of weeks ago, and I know Jaren, and we've talked about this. He went hard on me. He basically said, like, it's impossible. It was very nice. Well, the last time I kind of paid attention to Jaren's thoughts on it, he was thinking in terms of that basically there should be micro payments such that if I, by clicking the like button on something, I'm essentially giving valuable intellectual property to Facebook or Twitter or whatever. It's not a very large amount of IP, but it's definitely a transfer of information that when they aggregate it is beneficial to them. So and now I do remember that he, on his interview with 
 a lot of things. Historically speaking. The starting point for me with Hitler is to acknowledge that he is human and to at least consider the possibility that any one of us could have been Hitler. So like, not to make it. Well, that's a Peterson kind of concept. Also, Jonathan Haidt has a thing about the difference between hate and disgust mechanisms and things like that, and so he goes into the, looking at Hitler through his diary entries and journals and stuff like that to look and see it more as the disgust mechanism than also trying to see if there's any evolutionary biological attachment to this, whatever. I mean, you're right, he is a human being. Any of us, we're all human beings. It's not that, it's probably jarring for people to think, but we're all, I guess, supposedly potentially capable of just being in, and all these evil people in the world think they're doing it for the sake of good, which makes them the most dangerous. And there's some, there's differences in levels of insane. I think Hitler was way more insane than Stalin. I th
ody is reporting that it wants. And so I call this goal alignment within Brian. And there's 200 plus actors that I'm currently asking their opinion of. And so I'm asking my liver, how are you doing? And it's expressing via the biomarkers. And so that I construct that diet and I only eat those foods until my next testing round. And that has changed my life more than I think anything else because in the demotion of my conscious mind that I gave primacy to my entire life, it led me astray because like you were saying, the mind then goes out into the world and it navigates the dozens of different dietary regimens people put together in books. And it's all has their supporting science in certain contextual settings, but it's not N of one. And like you're saying, this dietary really is an N of one. What people have published scientifically of course can be used for nice groundings, but it changes when you get to an N of one level. And so that's what gets me excited about brain interfaces is if I could do the same thing for my brain where I c
women and scalps them. And it's gnarly as hell and very brutal and very bleak and very, I mean, it's the kind of thing that like a lot of people would have a real hard time watching. But one, again, I like things that are dark, but two, I thought the performances were fantastic in this film and they really got out, I think what the underlying thing was, and it was a guy who was basically just like run amok by the overbearing mother, Jungian archetype. And it, she was, she imparted her insanity into him. And he, but yet there is this aspect you could see of him wanting to try and actually be able to be in the world and have love and have a feminine companionship to go with his masculine aspect. But he had no way of understanding how to really make that happen. And he had a complete negative connotation to the feminine. So his struggle with, and there's a little part in the movie where he somehow comes across this model or something, and they actually, he starts to feel like maybe he might be able to actually have a relationship with s
o make a short story long, and I'll shut up, Lex, but what grabbed me about Becker, and this is in part because I read a lot of his other books, there's another book, The Birth and Death of Meaning, which is framed in from an evolutionary perspective. And then The Denial of Death is really more framed from an existential psychodynamic vantage point. And as a young academic, I was really taken by what I found to be a very potent juxtaposition that you really don't see that often. Yet usually evolutionary types are eager to dismiss the psychodynamic types and vice versa. And maybe only John Bowlby, you know, there's there's other folks. But the attachment theorist, John Bowlby, was really one of the first serious academics to say these these ways of thinking about things are quite compatible. And can you comment on what's what a psychodynamics view of the world is versus an evolutionary view of the world, just in case people are not? Oh, yeah, absolutely. That's that's a fine question. Well, for the evolutionary types in general are interested
oughts that we carry in our skull. And that factory has energetic needs, and there's a lot of sort of biological processes underlying that, that we are finding are altered in the context of Alzheimer's disease. That's fascinating. So you have to consider all of these systems if you want to understand even something like diseases that you would maybe traditionally associate with just the particular cells of the brain. The immune system, the metabolic system, the metabolic system. And these are all the things that makes us uniquely human. So our immune system is dramatically different from that of our neighbors. Our societies are so much more clustered. The history of infection that have plagued the human population is dramatically different from every other species. The way that our society and our population has sort of exploded has basically put unique pressures on our immune system. And our immune system has both coped with that density and also been shaped by, as I mentioned, the vast amount of death that has happened in the
'm gonna pick 200 cells active out of 10,000, okay? So I have 200 cells active. Now let's say I pick randomly another, a different representation, 200. The overlap between those is gonna be very small, just a few. I can pick millions of samples randomly of 200 neurons, and not one of them will overlap more than just a few. So one way to think about it is, if I wanna fool one of these representations to look like one of those other representations, I can't move just one cell, or two cells, or three cells, or four cells. I have to move 100 cells. And that makes them robust. In terms of further, so you mentioned sparsity. What would be the next thing? Yeah. Okay, so we have, we picked one. We don't know if it's gonna work well yet. So again, we're trying to come up with incremental ways to moving from brain theory to add pieces to machine learning, current machine learning world, and one step at a time. So the next thing we're gonna try to do is sort of incorporate some of the ideas of the thousand brains theory, that you have many, many models that are voting. Now that i
whatever. There's a lot of stuff that's really good out there. And yet, when I look at the internet and I look at YouTube, which has certain mobs, certain swaths of right leaning folks, whom I dearly love. I love all people, especially people with ideas. They seem to not like you very much. So I don't understand why exactly. So my own sort of hypothesis is there is a right left divide that absurdly so caricatured in politics, at least in the United States. And maybe you're somehow pigeonholed into one of those sides. And maybe that's what it is. Maybe your message is somehow politicized. Yeah, I mean. How do you make sense of that? Because you're extremely interesting. Like you got the comments I see on Joe Rogan. There's a bunch of negative stuff. And yet, if you listen to it, the conversation is fascinating. I'm not speaking, I'm not some kind of lefty extremist, but just it's a fascinating conversation. So why are you getting some small amount of hate? So I'm actually pretty glad that Effective Altruism has managed to stay relatively unpoliticiz
 period. In humans, it's really long and most animals have something. And probably the reason is that evolution of DNA is not detailed enough or plentiful enough to describe them. We can describe how to set the brain up, but we can, evolution can decide on a starting point and then have a learning algorithm that will construct the final product. And this interaction of intelligent, well, evolution that has produced a good starting point for the specific purpose of learning from it with the interaction with the environment, that can be a really powerful mechanism for constructing brains and constructing behaviors. I like how you walk back from intelligence. So optimize starting point, maybe. Yeah, okay, there's a lot of fascinating things to ask here. And this is basically this dance between neural networks and evolution and computation could go into the category of automated machine learning to where you're optimizing, whether it's hyperparameters of the topology or hyperparameters taken broadly. But the topology thing is really in
t. Either allows us to be weirder or makes us weirder. I'm not sure what's the right way to put it. Maybe a mix of both. You're probably right that it allows us to be weirder because, well, this is the other, okay. So this connects our previous conversation. Does America allow us to be weirder or does it make us weirder? Like say we're weird and somewhat neurotic to begin with, but the only messages we get are Dwight D. Eisenhower and I Love Lucy and network TV. Like that's going to keep us within certain bounds. In good and bad ways. That's obviously totally gone. And the internet, you can connect to not just QAnon, but all sorts of things. Many of them just fantastic, right? But in good and bad ways, it makes us weirder. So that maybe is troubling, right? Like if someone's worried about that, I would at least say they should give it deep serious thought. And then it has a whole lot of ebbs and flows, micro realizations of the weirdness that don't actually matter. So like chess players today, they play a lot more weird openings than they did 20 ye
stand basic biology in model organisms like, you know, mouse and fly and yeast. You would understand sort of mammalian biology and animal biology and eukaryotic biology in sort of progressive layers of complexity, getting closer to human phylogenetically. And you would do perturbation experiments in those species to see if I knock out a gene, what happens? And based on the knocking out of these genes, you would basically then have a way to drive human biology because you would sort of understand the functions of these genes. And then if you find that a human gene locus, something that you've mapped from human genetics to that gene is related to a particular human disease, you'd say, aha, now I know the function of the gene from the model organisms. I can now go and understand the function of that gene in human. But this is all changing. This is dramatically changed. So that was the old way of doing basic biology. You would start with the animal models, the eukaryotic models, the mammalian models, and then you would go to human. Huma
ly would be, as opposed to having one agent, those agent all of a sudden spontaneously decide to then be together. And then your entire system would then be treating them as one agent. Something like that. Some kind of weird merger building. But also, so you mentioned, I think you mentioned selection. So basically there's an agent and they don't get to live on if they don't do well. So there's some kind of measure of what doing well is and isn't. And does mutation come into play at all in the process and what in the world does it serve? Yeah, so, and again, back to what the computational mechanisms of evolution computation are. So the way to create variation, you can take multiple individuals, two usually, but you could do more. And you exchange the parts of the representation. You do some kind of recombination. Could be crossover, for instance. In biology, you do have DNA strings that are cut and put together again. We could do something like that. And it seems to be that in biology, the crossover is really the workhorse in biological evolu
just people like him trying as leaders to step in, to run for president, to symbolize a new chapter in Russia's future? So we don't need individuals. Some individuals are very impressive and they have courage and they protest and they criticize and they organize. We need institutions. We need a Duma or a parliament that functions. We need a court system that functions. That is to say where there are a separation of powers, impartial professional civil service, impartial professional judiciary. Those are the things Russia needs. It's rare that you get that from an individual, no matter how impressive, right? We had Andrei Sakharov, who was an extraordinary individual, who developed the hydrogen bomb under a Soviet regime, was a world class physicist, was then upset about how his scientific knowledge and scientific achievements were being put to use and rebelled to try to put limits, constraints, civilizing humane limits and constraints on some of the implications of his extraordinary science. But Sakharov, even if he had become the lea
es the beam to go to the satellite and come back, the signal, to different ones. And then it triangulates and tells you where you are. And then if you go down the road, it tells you where you are. Do you know that if you did that with the satellites and you didn't use Einstein's equations? Oh no. You won't get the right answer. That's right. And in fact, if you take a road that's, say, 10 meters wide, I've done these numbers, and you ask how long you'd stay on the road if you didn't make the correction for general relativity, this thing you're poo pooing, because you're using every day, you'd go off the road in about a minute. Well, actually, that might be my problem. So you use it. So don't poo poo it. Well, I think I'm using an Android, so maybe, and the GPS doesn't work that well, so maybe I'm using Newton's physics. So I need to upgrade to general relativity. So gravitational waves and Einstein had, wait, Feynman really does have a part in the story? Yeah. Was that one of the first kind of experimental proposed to detect gravitational waves? Well, he did wha
And so we're running up against the limitation of our own minds. And we have to create these next level organisms like AI systems that would be able to understand much deeper, like really understand what it means to live in a multi dimensional world that's outside of the four dimensions, the three of space and one of time. Translation, and generally we can deal with the world, even if you don't understand all the details, we can use computers, even though we don't, most of us don't know all the structure that's underneath or drive a car. I mean, there are many components, especially new cars that you don't quite fully know, but you have the interface, you have an abstraction of it that allows you to operate it and utilize it. And I think that that's perfectly adequate and we can build on it. And AI can play a similar role. I have to ask about beautiful artificial life systems or evolutionary computation systems. Cellular automata to me, I remember it was a game changer for me early on in life when I saw Conway's Game of Life who recentl
t by value of the currencies so that you get the total supply of fiat, it's something like 14%. And weighted is 30% you said? Yeah, 30%. It's insane. I'd like to see the worst ones, the people that are tracking that average up. Yeah. But 14% is still an incredibly high, high number. And so you're saying that, sorry, that's the average over the century or the past 100 years? Over the past 60 years, 1960 to 2020, we get World Bank data on that, pretty reliable data on World Bank and European Union OECD data. I ran the numbers on that weighted average, something like 14%. And what effect that has on time preference? The effect is now it's much, much, much harder for everybody to provide for their future. Everywhere in the world, it's much harder. So how do I get the equivalent of the old gold coin that I could just put under my mattress and expect it to be there 10 years from now? Well, gold itself isn't cutting it. Gold can't keep up with inflation. And the reason for that is that gold is not being used as a money anymore in that you can't send it internationally. Internationally, 
guage system or the human vision system or the equivalent of in the AI space language and vision, or is it the best as the multitask idea that you're speaking to that they need to be deeply integrated? Yeah, absolutely the latter. Learning both at the same time, I think is a fascinating direction in the future. So we have data sets where there's visual component as well as verbal descriptions, for instance, and that way you can learn a deeper representation, a more useful representation for both. But it's still an interesting question of which one is easier. I mean, recognizing objects or even understanding sentences, that's relatively possible, but where it becomes, where the challenges are is to understand the world. Like the visual world, the 3D, what are the objects doing and predicting what will happen, the relationships. That's what makes vision difficult. And language, obviously it's what is being said, what the meaning is. And the meaning doesn't stop at who did what to whom. There are goals and plans and themes, and you eventually ha
st week. Do you think about mortality? Do you think about your own mortality? Are you afraid of death? I don't think about my own mortality that much, which is probably a good thing. I think death will be bad. I wouldn't say I'm afraid of it. For me, the worst thing about death is not knowing how the human story turns out. The full human story. The full human story. So if I could, right before I die, read like a Wikipedia page called The Rest of Human History and have enough time, just like a few days, to absorb it, think about it, and know like, oh, well 643 years from now, that's when all the atomic weapons went off and here's what happened between now and then, I would feel much better dying. But that's not how it's gonna be, right? That's unlikely. It's almost like the Hitchhiker's Guide, they kind of have, what is it? They have a one or two sentence description of the human, of what goes on on Earth. It's kind of interesting to think if there's a lot of intelligent civilizations out there that in the big encyclopedia that describes the universe, huma
 in the machine learning community to say, I need to learn about this stuff. And maybe we should just think about this a bit more about what we've learned about the brain and what are those team at Nimenta, what have they done? Is that useful for us? Yeah, so is there elements of all the cortical theory that things we've been talking about that may be useful in the short term? Yes, in the short term, yes. This is the, sorry to interrupt, but the open question is, it certainly feels from my perspective that in the long term, some of the ideas we've been talking about will be extremely useful. The question is whether in the short term. Well, this is always what I would call the entrepreneur's dilemma. So you have this long term vision, oh, we're gonna all be driving electric cars or we're all gonna have computers or we're all gonna, whatever. And you're at some point in time and you say, I can see that long term vision, I'm sure it's gonna happen. How do I get there without killing myself? Without going out of business, right? That's the challenge. T
n just finding the thing you're good at and maximizing your productivity in this world and thereby sort of lifting all boats and benefiting society as a result? Yeah, I think there's two things I'd want to say on that. So one is what your comparative advantages, what your strengths are when it comes to career. That's obviously super important because there's lots of career paths I would be terrible at if I thought being an artist was the best thing one could do. Well, I'd be doomed, just really quite astonishingly bad. And so I do think, at least within the realm of things that could plausibly be very high impact, choose the thing that you think you're going to be able to really be passionate at and excel at over the long term. Then on this question of should one just do that in an unrestricted way and not even think about what the most important problems are. I do think that in a kind of perfectly designed society, that might well be the case. That would be a society where we've corrected all market failures, we've internalized all 
u think hundreds of years from now, I venture to say that people will not remember the winners of a prize, but they'll remember creations like these. Maybe I'm romanticizing engineering, but I guess I want to ask how important is the Nobel prize in all of this? Well, that's a complicated question. As a physicist, it's something if you're trying to win a Nobel prize, forget it because they give one a year. So there's been 200 physicists who have won the Nobel prize since 1900. And so things just have to fall right. So your goal cannot be to win a Nobel prize. It wasn't my dream. It's tremendous for science. Why the Nobel prize for a guy that made dynamite and stuff is what it is. It's a long story, but it's the one day a year where actually the science that people have done is all over the world and so forth. Forget about the people again. It is really good for science. It celebrates science for several days, different fields, chemistry, medicine and so forth. And everybody doesn't understand everything about these. They're generally fairly abstract, but
o called geometric discounting, you have introduced an effective horizon. So the agent is now motivated to look ahead a certain amount of time effectively. It's like a moving horizon. And for any fixed effective horizon, there is a problem to solve, which requires larger horizon. So if I look ahead five time steps, I'm a terrible chess player, right? I'll need to look ahead longer. If I play go, I probably have to look ahead even longer. So for every problem, for every horizon, there is a problem which this horizon cannot solve. But I introduced the so called near harmonic horizon, which goes down with one over T rather than exponential in T, which produces an agent, which effectively looks into the future proportional to each age. So if it's five years old, it plans for five years. If it's 100 years old, it then plans for 100 years. And it's a little bit similar to humans too, right? I mean, children don't plan ahead very long, but then we get adult, we play ahead more longer. Maybe when we get very old, I mean, we know that we don't live forever. Maybe 
nd we can test 10,000 hypothesis at once. How hard is it to generate those 10,000? Trivial. Trivial. But it's biology. No, no. Generating the 10,000 is trivial because you basically add, it's biotechnology. You basically have these arrays that add one nucleotide at a time at every spot. So it's printing and so you're able to, you're able to control. Yeah. Is it super costly? Is it? 10,000 bucks. So this isn't millions. 10,000 bucks for 10,000 experiments sounds like the right, you know. I mean, so that's super, that's exciting because you don't have to do one thing at a time. You can now use that technology, these massively parallel reporter assays to test 10,000 locations at a time. We've made multiple modifications to that technology. One was sharper MPRA, which stands for, you know, basically getting a higher resolution view by tiling these, these elements so you can see where along the region of control are they acting. And we made another modification called Hydra for high, you know, definition regulatory annotation or something like that, which basically allows you to test 7 million of t
h, so to speak. If he hasn't written them down, if he hasn't passed them down to somebody else. Gone like tears in the rain. Like tears in the rain, that scene is incredible. But it's funny, because those two universes are very different, Conan and the Barbarian and Cyberpunk. Is there, that makes me curious about what else might be in the list at the top. Well, let me think. It's a pretty. Do you like the Godfather type of universe? No, no, I mean, I'm sure the Godfather, I've never actually even watched the whole Godfather. No, but also like, was it Casino, Goodfellas? Goodfellas is a good movie, but no, that's not in my top. It's a good flick, but it doesn't really do it for me. If people really wanna get into this a little more, I did make a list of 100 of my favorite movies on my Facebook fan page. Nice. Do you remember what like, some of the top. Oh yeah, like Blazing Saddles is on there, Rage of the Lost Ark, Valhalla Rising by Nicholas from Winding Refn, Maniac by William Lustig. It's a 1980 gnarly video nasty horror movie about a serial killer who murders 
nymore. I saw a girl literally, and I shouldn't say girl, guy, whatever, I saw a person literally just about walking to an open manhole cover texting. And I'm going, that's scary because your awareness is gone. And it's, I've been at restaurants, groups of people and they're texting, they're texting each other just sitting on the other side of the table. I'm like, put the freaking thing down and have a conversation. And that's the thing, we've lost the art of conversation. You know, like, my wife runs, she has this running joke. She goes, there's a lot going on up there. And I'm like, yeah, because I really, I'm inquisitive. I'm excited about life. I love to meet people. I love to learn. I love, and the only way you can do that is to have a conversation. The hilarious thing about this, so you're obviously very charismatic. You got great stories. You're a great human being. Thank you. And you're talking to a guy who spent most of his life behind a computer hiding from people. No, no, and I don't. But we're like trying to bridge this. Right, but I don't mean that as a rip
and years in the past in Asia, I'd be in the same situation. I would still be conditioned by time and place. I would still have choices that I could make within the confines of what opportunities are afforded to me. And then Heidegger says, if I can get that far in this is his language. He says that there is a transformation and he literally he calls it a turning. You're turning away from a flight from death and you are allowed you therefore you see a horizon is his word of opportunity that makes you in a state of anticipatory resoluteness with solicitous regard for others that makes your life seem like an adventure perfused with unshakable joy. Let me unpack those things. It is beautiful. It is. I love, Lex, that you're resonating to the time thing. So he's like, OK, we already talked about now. Anticipatory is is already hopeful because it's looking forward to be resolute. It means to trust and to just have confidence in what you're doing moving forward. All right. Solicitous. I had to look up all these words, by the way. It just means
isting theory of general relativity and quantum theory and our theory of the different fundamental forces is perfectly adequate to all problems of technology, of technology, for sure, and almost all problems of astrophysics and cosmology that appear except with the notable exception of the extremely early universe, if you want to ask, what happened before the Big Bang or what happened right at the Big Bang, which would be a great thing to understand, of course. Yes. We don't, but. But what about the engineering question? So if we look at space travel, so I think you've spoken with him, Eric Weinstein. Oh, yeah. Really, you know, he says things like we want to get off this planet. His intuition is almost motivated for the engineering project of space exploration in order for us to crack this problem of becoming a multi planetary species, we have to solve the physics problem. His intuition is like, if we figure out this, what he calls the source code, which is like, like a theory of everything might give us clues on how to start hacking t
become the Woody Allen neurotic of the sleep world. Because at that moment, I'm trying to fall asleep and I'm not, and I'm starting to think, okay, my dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex is not shutting down. My noradrenaline is not ramping down. My sympathetic nervous system is not giving way to my parasympathetic. At that point, you are dead in the water for the next two hours and nothing is bringing you back. So there is some irony in that too. I would say for myself though, if there is something I'm not proud of, it has been at times railing against my chronotype. So your chronotype is essentially, are you a morning type, evening type or somewhere in between? And there were times because society is desperately biased towards the morning types. This notion of the early bird catches the worm. Maybe that's true, but I'll also tell you that the second mouse gets the cheese. Yeah, so I think one of the issues around, firstly, people don't really understand chronotype because I'll have some people when I'm sort of out in the public, they'll say, loo
 whatever founding documents created that little land. So anarchism is against that. And the argument is you should be able to choose which ideas you live with. And the concern there is nobody, this geographical land, the governments that organize on that land do not need to protect you from the violence. And my sense is there does need to be an army, there does need to be police that help, however the form that police takes. But there needs to be a more centralized, not completely centralized, but more centralized safety net to protect you from the violence. Scale again, right? So if you want to have your anarchist utopia, well, we won't call it utopia, your anarchist creation here. At certain scale, I'm sure it's doable. But as it scales, as the scale increases, it's completely untenable. And a state will emerge. A state will always emerge. Because even people always think of states as like people rubbing their hands and smoking cigars in back rooms and just out of nowhere coming around and just like, oh, we're going to create this big ce
rth. And it's a big puzzle, what it is. It's a bit of a cottage industry in that there's lots and lots of searches, but it may be a little bit like, you know, looking for a treasure under rocks or something. You don't, it's hard to, we don't have really good guidance, except that we have very, very good information that is pervasive and it's there. And that it's probably particles, small, that the evidence is all of those things. But then the most logical solution doesn't seem to work, something called supersymmetry. And do you think the answer could be something very complicated? You know, I like to hope that, think that most things that appear complicated are actually simple if you really understand them. I think we just don't know at the present time, and it isn't something that affects us. It does affect, it affects how the stars go around each other and so forth, because we detect that there's missing gravity, but it doesn't affect everyday life at all. I tend to think and expect maybe, and that the answers will be simple. We just haven't found i
 the ambient noise from the engines and cancel it. Cause it's just the same over and over again. They cancel it. And when the stewardess comes and asks you whether you want coffee or tea or a drink or something, you hear, you're fine because she's not ambient. She's the signal. So. Are we talking about active canceling? Like where are the. Active canceling. So. This is, okay. So another. Don't tell me you have active canceling on this. Yeah. Besides the shock absorbers. So we had this, so inside this array of shock absorbers. Yeah. We, you asked for some interesting. This is awesome. So inside this, it's harder than the, the earphone problem, but it's just engineering. We have to see measure, not just that the engine still made noise, but the earth is shaking. It's moving in some direction. So we have to actually tell not only that there's noise and cancel it, but what direction it's from. So we put this array of seismometers inside this array of shock absorbers and measure the residual motion and its direction. And we put little actuators that push bac
onsciousness is. So if a system passes the Turing test, it's not scientific, but in issues of philosophy, things like ethics start to enter the picture. Do you think there would be, we would start contending as a human species about the ethics of turning off such a machine? Yeah, I mean, that's definitely come up. Hasn't come up in reality yet. Yet. But I'm talking about 2029. It's not that many years from now. So what are our obligations to it? It has a different, I mean, a computer that's conscious, it has a little bit different connotations than a human. We have a continuous consciousness. We're in an entity that does not last forever. Now, actually, a significant portion of humans still exist and are therefore still conscious. But anybody who is over a certain age doesn't exist anymore. That wouldn't be true of a computer program. You could completely turn it off and a copy of it could be stored and you could recreate it. And so it has a different type of validity. You could actually take it back in time. You could eliminate its memory and have i
are incredible vaccines. And US nailed it. Yeah, well, that's more almost like the, I don't know what you would call it, engineering, the sort of scaling. That's what US is really good at, not just inventing of ideas, but taking an idea and actually building the thing and scaling it and being able to distribute it at scale. I think some people would attribute that to the general word of capitalism. I don't know if you would. Sure. What in your views are the pros and cons of capitalism as it's implemented in America? I don't know if you would say capitalism really exists in America, but to the extent that it does. People use the word capitalism in so many different ways. What is capitalism? The literal meaning is private ownership of capital goods, which I favor in most areas. But no, I don't think the private sector should own our F16s or military assets. Government owned water utilities seem to work as well as privately owned water utilities. But with all those qualifications put to the side, business, for the most part, innovates better than 
here needs to be one power plant and all of the infrastructure needs to work at the same time, and the electricity is pretty expensive because it's being done in a place with high demand. Bitcoin does not need to buy electricity from places where it has high demand because it can buy electricity from anywhere. This is what's truly mind blowing about it. You can buy, you know, what you need, the electricity that you need for mining can be done anywhere. So you can mine, you know, you can have a waterfall in the north of Canada, 300 miles away from any population center. There's water falling, there's energy. You can put a hydroelectric dam there, and then you can use that energy to operate the miners, and then the miners just need a satellite internet connection, and effectively you're selling that energy that is isolated to the grid. And because of the way that Bitcoin functions, because of the difficulty adjustment, the only profitable miners are the ones who can get cheap electricity. Basically if you're mining at grid cost, if you're min
 is like that. Gold was a winner take all by the end of the 19th century. The global monetary market is effectively a winner take all for the dollar. And if we get it to Bitcoin, you'll know, I also think digital currencies are also going to be a winner take all situation. So money wants to be one. In fact, there is no such thing as multiple currencies. Multiple currencies is just a step back to barter. Money is one. If you go back to a system of several currencies, you're just reinventing barter. So in the case of the dollar system, the global dollar system is built around the dollar because all central banks have dollar reserves and because all central banks use the dollar's clearing mechanisms. So that's why you're basically playing in the dollar system. This seems to have changed over the last couple of months with the sanctions on Russia and the confiscation of Russian reserves. It remains to be seen what that's going to do and how that's going to change. But it is looking like this dollar system is clearly unsustainable. It's not s
e of these books, and I thought it was really cool. You could write a computer that started to exhibit intelligence. Then I remember doing an internship while I was in high school, this was in Singapore, where I remember doing a lot of photocopying and as an office assistant. And the highlight of my job was when I got to use the shredder. So the teenager me, remote thinking, boy, this is a lot of photocopying. If only we could write software, build a robot, something to automate this, maybe I could do something else. So I think a lot of my work since then has centered on the theme of automation. Even the way I think about machine learning today, we're very good at writing learning algorithms that can automate things that people can do. Or even launching the first MOOCs, Mass Open Online Courses, that later led to Coursera. I was trying to automate what could be automatable in how I was teaching on campus. Process of education, trying to automate parts of that to make it more, sort of to have more impact from a single teacher, a single
n change the world. Yeah, that's right. And not letting anyone else tell you otherwise. That's really good, exactly. When we upload the story you told about your dad and having a conversation with him, we're talking about uploading your mind to the computer. Do you think we'll have a future with something you call afterlife? We'll have avatars that mimic increasingly better and better our behavior, our appearance, all that kind of stuff. Even those that are perhaps no longer with us. Yes, I mean, we need some information about them. I mean, think about my father. I have what he wrote. Now, he didn't have a word processor, so he didn't actually write that much. And our memories of him aren't perfect. So how do you even know if you've created something that's satisfactory? Now, you could do a Frederick Kurzweil Turing test. It seems like Frederick Kurzweil to me. But the people who remember him, like me, don't have a perfect memory. Is there such a thing as a perfect memory? Maybe the whole point is for him to make you feel a certain way. Yeah, well, I th
nd US have in common. We were early pioneers in food refrigeration and that made a lot of our foods worse quite early. And it took us a long time to dig out of that because big countries, right? You've had an extensive rail system in Russia, USSR a long time, which makes it easier to freeze and then ship. What about the actual cooking, the chef? Is there an artistry to the simple? I hesitate to call the burrito simple, but. And there's no brain drain out of cooking. So if you're in the United States and you're very talented, I'm not saying there aren't talented chefs. Of course there are, but there's so many other things to pull people away. But in Mexico, there's so much talent going into food as there is in China, which would be another candidate for last meal questions. Or India. Or, oh, India, let's not even get started on India. Unbelievable. You've also, I mean, there's a million things we could talk about here, but you've written about your own dreams of sushi. It's just a really clean, good example that people are aware of of mastery in the art
 they're a little bit, you know, dictatorial and so on. Do you think this mutually sure destruction idea will carry how far will it carry us in terms of different kinds of weapons? Oh, yeah, I think it's your point that nuclear weapons are very hard to build and relatively easy to control because you can control fissile material is a really important one and future technology that's equally destructive might not have those properties. So for example, if in the future people are able to design viruses, perhaps using a DNA printing kit that's on that, you know, one can just buy. In fact, there are companies in the process of creating home DNA printing kits. Well, then perhaps that's just totally democratized. Perhaps the power to reap huge destructive potential is in the hands of most people in the world or certainly most people with effort and then yeah, I no longer trust mutually assured destruction because some for some people the idea that they would die is just not a disincentive. There was a Japanese cult, for example. Ohm Shinri
 that place of total commitment and in the face of competition, in the face of adversity, et cetera, et cetera, which is, I think, natural and great for the human race on an individual basis. So the hope that I have, if there is any hope, personally, I don't think the human race is gonna be around very long, but would be in sports or in other kind of sublimated activities where people can act out their need for conquest or aggression or so forth, but at the same time relate to their opponents as human beings, and when the game is over, you know, you embrace your competitors, stuff like that. So you think war was inevitable, it's a part of human nature as opposed to a force, a creative force in society that served a benefit. Well, I'm sure it has benefited, you know, spreading cultures and mixing cultures and stuff like that, but I think the urge to conquest, if you think about Alexander the Great or Julius Caesar or Napoleon or anybody like that, or even individual, or if we even think about one of the plants that we're looking at right ou
ing? At what moment are you asking me that? And my mind is so fickle. And this is why, again, I don't trust my conscious mind. I have been given realities. I was given a religious reality that was a video game. And then I figured out it was not a real reality. And then I lived in a depressive reality, which delivered this terrible hopelessness. That wasn't a real reality. Then I discovered behavioral psychology, and I figured out how biased, 188 chronicle biases, and how my brain is distorting reality all the time. I have gone from one reality to another. I don't trust reality. I don't trust realities are given to me. And so to try to make a decision on what I value or not value that future state, I don't trust my response. So not fully listening to the conscious mind at any one moment as the ultimate truth, but allowing it to go up and down as it does, and just kind of being observing it. Yes, I assume that whatever my conscious mind delivers up to my awareness is wrong upon landing. And I just need to figure out where it's wrong, how it's wron
ype of convergence where dysregulation of seven different enhancers might all converge on dysregulation of that one gene, which then converges on calcium signaling. And in each one of those enhancers, you might have multiple genetic variants distributed across many different people. Everyone has their own different mutation. But all of these mutations are impacting that enhancer. And all of these enhancers are impacting that gene. And all of these genes are impacting this pathway. And all these pathways are acting in the same tissue. And all of these tissues are converging together on the same biological process of schizophrenia. And you're saying the saving grace is that that conversion seems to happen for a lot of these diseases. For all of them. Basically that for every single disease that we've looked at, we have found an epigenomic enrichment. How do you do that? You basically have all of the genetic variants associated with the disorder. And then you're asking for all of the enhancers active in a particular tissue. For 540 di
at permeates your work. Optimism about the future is ultimately that optimism paves the way for building a better future. Yeah, I agree with that. So you asked your dad about the meaning of life, and he said, love, let me ask you the same question. What's the meaning of life? Why are we here? This beautiful journey that we're on in phase four, reaching for phase five of this evolution and information processing, why? Well, I think I'd give the same answers as my father. Because if there were no love, and we didn't care about anybody, there'd be no point existing. Love is the meaning of life. The AI version of your dad had a good point. Well, I think that's a beautiful way to end it. Ray, thank you for your work. Thank you for being who you are. Thank you for dreaming about a beautiful future and creating it along the way. And thank you so much for spending your really valuable time with me today. This was awesome. It was my pleasure, and you have some great insights, both into me and into humanity as well, so I appreciate that. Thanks for listeni
 the space time is warped enough. And so even light gets bent around and stays in it. So that's the concept of a black hole. And maybe you can make... So that's a concept that didn't say how they come about. And there could be different ways they come about. The ones that we are seeing, we're not sure. That's what we're trying to learn now is what they... But the general expectation is that they come... These black holes happen when a star dies. So what does that mean that a star dies? What happens? A star like our sun basically makes heat and light by fusion. It's made up. And as it burns, it burns up the hydrogen and then the helium and slowly works its way up to the heavier and heavier elements that are in the star. And when it gets up to iron, the fusion process doesn't work anymore. And so the stars die and that happens to stars. And then they do what's called a supernova. What happens then is that a star is a delicate balance between an outward pressure from fusion and light and burning and an inward pressure of gravity trying to pull the
dy in society decided we wanted to make copper as money, even if we all decided to collectively take part in this hallucination or illusion, it would not make copper money. It would just make everybody who decides to take part in this hallucination poor, that's it. It would make copper miners rich. It would make all of the people who chose copper as money poor, and copper would not be money. It can't work because what happens is, because of the fact that the stockpiles are so small, if you buy, you know, even if you get the 1,000 richest people in the world, all of the world's billionaires, they get together, and they all dump all of the money that they have, all the stocks, all the bonds, all the gold, all of the Bitcoin, everything that they own, they dump it, and they buy copper with it. What's gonna happen? Price of copper is gonna go up a lot, but what's gonna stop copper miners from flooding the market with even more copper than what the billionaires bought? Nothing. They're gonna dump all of that extra copper production. If the price of cop
heorist. So that also drives people away. It's maybe also harder attacking the general intelligence problem. So I think enough people, I mean, maybe a small number were still interested in formalizing intelligence and thinking of general intelligence, but not much came up, right? Well, not much great stuff came up. So what do you think, we talked about the formal big light at the end of the tunnel, but from the engineering perspective, what do you think it takes to build an AGI system? Is that, and I don't know if that's a stupid question or a distinct question from everything we've been talking about at AICSI, but what do you see as the steps that are necessary to take to start to try to build something? So you want a blueprint now, and then you go off and do it? That's the whole point of this conversation, trying to squeeze that in there. Now, is there, I mean, what's your intuition? Is it in the robotics space or something that has a body and tries to explore the world? Is it in the reinforcement learning space, like the efforts with Alph
g to be like, imagine if it is, like imagine the earth is flat. Like think about it. Like a lot of people are just like, no, the earth is round. They're like scientists too. They're like, yeah, well actually, wait, have you actually like thought about it? Like imagine like a thought experiment that like basically step outside the little narrative that we are comfortable with. Now that one in particular is, has really strong evidence and scientific validation. So it's pretty simple thing to show that it at least is not flat. But just the willingness to take a step outside of the stories that bring us comfort, it's been disappointing that people are not willing to do that. And I think the philosophy that you've constructed and that Ernest Becker is constructing, you've tested, I think is really compelling. And the fact that people aren't often willing to take that step. It's disappointing. Well, yes, but perhaps understandable. I mean, one of this is an anecdote, of course, but when we were trying to get a publisher for our book, we had a meeting wi
ly the, I suppose like the wisdom I would aspire to is to have the awareness and the empathy to be that for other people. And not a retail advertiser of advice, of tricks for life, but deeply meaningful and empathetic with a one on one context with people that it really can make a difference. Yeah, I actually kind of experience, I think about that sometimes. You have like an 18 year old kid come up to you. And it's not always obvious, it's not always easy to really listen to them. Like not the facts, but like see who that person is. I think people say that about being a parent is you want to consider that, you don't want to be the authority figure in the sense that you really want to consider that there's a special unique human being there with a unique brain that may be brilliant in ways that you are not understanding that you'll never be and really try to hear that. So when giving advice, there's something to that. It's a both sides should be deeply empathetic about the assumption stack. I love that terminology. What do you think is t
reen energy and battery technology. mRNA vaccines and medicine is a big deal already. It will repair our GDP and save millions of lives around the world. There's an anti malaria vaccine that's now in stage three trial, it probably works. CRISPR to defeat sickle cell anemia. Just space, area after area after area, there's suddenly the surge of breakthroughs. I would say many of them rooted in superior computation and ultimately Moore's law and access to those computational abilities. So I'm much more optimistic than say, the last time I spoke to Eric. I don't know, he moves all the time in his views. I don't know where he's going. His views, I don't know where he's at now. He's not at, he hasn't gained, that's really interesting. So your little drop of optimism comes from like, there might be a fundamental shift in the kind of things that computation has unlocked for us in terms of like, it could be a wellspring of innovation that enables growth for a long time to come. Like Eric has not quite connected to the computation aspect yet to where it 
ntarity also suggests tolerance, suggests opportunities for understanding things in different ways that add to rather than detract from understanding. So I think it's an opportunity for mind expansion and demanding that there's only one way to think about things can be very limiting. On the free will one, that's a trippy one, though. To think like I am the decider of my own actions and at the same time I'm not is tricky to think about, but there does seem to be some kind of profound truth in that. I get, well, I think it is tied up. It will turn out to be tied up when we understand things better with these issues of self awareness and where we get, what we perceive as making choices, what does that really mean and what's going on under the hood. But I'm speculating about a future understanding that's not in place at present. Your sense there will always be, like as you dig into the self awareness thing, there'll always be some places where complementarity is gonna show up. Oh, definitely, yeah. I mean, there will be, how should I say? There
sibilities. Yeah. And that's, that's that there's something beautiful to that. That's the embracing the abyss. And again, it's like the, it's the embracing the fear of death, the reality of death and then turning and to look at all the opportunities. That's right. Let me ask you, whenever I bring up Ernest Becker's work, which I do and yours is quite a bit, I find it surprising how that it's not a lot more popular in a sense that, no, we're not, I don't mean just your book. That's well written. People should read it, should buy it, whatever. I think it has the same kind of qualities that are useful to think about as like Jordan Peterson's work and stuff like that. But I just mean like why people are not, don't think of that as a compelling description of the core of the human condition. Like, I think what you mentioned about Heidegger is quite, connects with me quite well. So I ask on this podcast, I often ask people if they're afraid of death. That's like almost every single part. I almost always get criticized for asking world class people, scientists a
detect its trunk. If it has a trunk, it's an elephant. If it doesn't have a trunk, it's not an elephant. That would work fairly well. There's a few problems with it. And it really wouldn't be able to tell what a trunk is, but anyway. And maybe other things other than elephants have trunks, you might get really confused. Yeah, exactly. I'm not sure which animals have trunks, but how do you define a trunk? But yeah, that's one parameter. You can do okay. So these things have a hundred billion parameters. So they're able to deal with very complex issues. All kinds of trunks. Human beings actually have a little bit more than that, but they're getting to the point where they can emulate humans. If we were able to connect this to our neocortex, we would basically add more of these abilities to make distinctions, and it could ultimately be much smarter and also be attached to information that we feel is reliable. So that's where we're headed. So you think that there will be a merger in the 30s, an increasing amount of merging between the human brain and th
ng the brain is actually the fastest way to get to machine intelligence. And within that, let me ask the impossible question, how do you, not define, but at least think about what it means to be intelligent? So I didn't try to answer that question first. We said, let's just talk about how the brain works and let's figure out how certain parts of the brain, mostly the neocortex, but some other parts too. The parts of the brain most associated with intelligence. And let's discover the principles by how they work. Because intelligence isn't just like some mechanism and it's not just some capabilities. It's like, okay, we don't even know where to begin on this stuff. And so now that we've made a lot of progress on this, after we've made a lot of progress on how the neocortex works, and we can talk about that, I now have a very good idea what's gonna be required to make intelligent machines. I can tell you today, some of the things are gonna be necessary, I believe, to create intelligent machines. Well, so we'll get there. We'll get to the neocortex and
king notes is better than not taking any class at all but comparing handwritten notes and typing you can usually type faster for a lot of people you can handwrite notes and so when people type they're more likely to just transcribe verbatim what they heard and that reduces the amount of recoding and that actually results in less long term retention. I don't know what the psychological effect there is but so true there's something fundamentally different about writing hand handwriting I wonder what that is I wonder if it is as simple as just the time it takes to write it slower yeah and because you can't write as many words you have to take whatever they said and summarize it into fewer words and that summarization process requires deeper processing of the meaning which then results in better retention that's fascinating oh and I think because of Coursera I spent so much time studying pedagogy this is actually one of my passions I really love learning how to more efficiently help others learn you know one of the thi
 for making this little demo happen. This is the Lex Friedman Podcast, and here is my conversation with Brian Johnson. You ready, Lex? Yes, I'm ready. Do you guys wanna come in and put the interfaces on our heads? And then I will proceed to tell you a few jokes. So we have two incredible pieces of technology and a machine running Ubuntu 2004 in front of us. What are we doing? All right. Are these going on our heads? They're going on our heads, yeah. And they will place it on our heads for proper alignment. Does this support giant heads? Because I kind of have a giant head. Is this just giant head? Are you saying as like an ego or are you saying physically both? It's a nice massage. Yes. Okay, how does this feel? It's okay to move around? Yeah. It feels, oh yeah. Hey, hey. This feels awesome. It's a pretty good fit. Thank you. That feels good. So this is big head friendly. It suits you well, Lex. Thank you. I feel like I need to, I feel like when I wear this, I need to sound like Sam Harris, calm, collected, eloquent. I feel smarter, actually. I don't think I've eve
n order to go and have other people's children fight each other because of stupid garbage they learned about politics in university. You said you value low time preference, but I have news for you, that one day you will die, as far as we know, you're a mortal being. Do you think about your death? Do you think about your mortality? Are you afraid of it? I've spent a lot of time introspecting and thinking about these things, and I value life a lot. I value my time on earth a lot, and you'll see this in my dealings with people. Go back to Twitter, why am I so brash and straightforward? It really is because life is short. Because I don't want to waste, I think on my, I've said this before, on my tombstone, let it be written. He never let anyone waste his time twice in his life. His life is short. Yeah, you can waste my time once, you can get me to do something, and then I realize that was a waste of time, you will never get me to waste my time twice. And so you show up in my Twitter with something stupid, you're never showing up in my Twitter ever 
 really assess various aspects of it. So you really want the human to challenge the system. Exactly, exactly. On its ability to do things like common sense reasoning, perhaps. That's actually a key problem with large language models. They don't do these kinds of tests that would involve assessing chains of reasoning, but you can lose track of that. If you talk to them, they actually can talk to you pretty well and you can be convinced by it, but it's somebody that would really convince you that it's a human, whatever that takes. Maybe it would take days or weeks, but it would really convince you that it's human. Large language models can appear that way. You can read conversations and they appear pretty good. There are some problems with it. It doesn't do math very well. You can ask how many legs did 10 elephants have and they'll tell you, well, okay, each elephant has four legs and it's 10 elephants, so it's 40 legs. And you go, okay, that's pretty good. How many legs do 11 elephants have? And they don't seem to understand the question. Do all humans unde
 would be helpful if they were just part of our standard thought processes because it may encourage different behaviors in what we do individually, collectively as a society, what we aspire to, what we talk about, the possibility sets we imagine. Yeah, I've been engaged in that kind of thinking quite a bit and thinking about engineering of consciousness. I think it's feasible, I think it's possible in the language that we're using here. And it's very difficult to reason about a world when inklings of consciousness can be engineered into artificial systems. Not from a philosophical perspective, but from an engineering perspective, I believe a good step towards engineering consciousness is creating engineering the illusion of consciousness. So I'm captivated by our natural predisposition to anthropomorphize things. And I think that's what we, I don't wanna hear from the philosophers, but I think that's what we kind of do to each other. That consciousness is created socially, that like much of the power of consciousness is in the social i
o main strands that kind of came together to form the effective altruism movement. So one was two philosophers, myself and Toby Ord at Oxford, and we had been very influenced by the work of Peter Singer, an Australian model philosopher who had argued for many decades that because one can do so much good at such little cost to oneself, we have an obligation to give away most of our income to benefit those in extreme poverty, just in the same way that we have an obligation to run in and save a child from drowning in a shallow pond if it would just ruin your suit that cost a few thousand dollars. And we set up Giving What We Can in 2009, which is encouraging people to give at least 10% of their income to the most effective charities. And the second main strand was the formation of GiveWell, which was originally based in New York and started in about 2007. And that was set up by Holden Carnovsky and Elie Hassenfeld, who were two hedge fund dudes who were making good money and thinking, well, where should I donate? And in the same way as i
the span of a day? So I think these are the types of very practical, very messy data problems that my teams wrestle with. In the case of large consumer internet companies where you have a billion users, you have a lot of data. You don't worry about it. Just take the average. It kind of works. But in a case of other industry settings, we don't have big data. If just a small data, very small data sets, maybe around 100 defective parts or 100 examples of a defect. If you have only 100 examples, these little labeling errors, if 10 of your 100 labels are wrong, that actually is 10% of your data set has a big impact. So how do you clean this up? What are you supposed to do? This is an example of the types of things that my teams, this is a landing AI example, are wrestling with to deal with small data, which comes up all the time once you're outside consumer internet. Yeah, that's fascinating. So then you invest more effort and time in thinking about the actual labeling process. What are the labels? What are the how are disagreements resolved and all those kinds
e, that's fascinating. Of course, in the physical space, that's very difficult to do to learn the kind of scale that you're referring to, but the hope is that you could do that in simulation and then transfer it into the physical space if you're able to model the robot sufficiently naturally. Yeah, and sometimes I think that that requires a theory of mind on the side of the robot that they understand what you're doing because they themselves are doing something similar. And that's a big question too. We talked about intelligence in general and the social aspect of intelligence. And I think that's what is required that we humans understand other humans because we assume that they are similar to us. We have one simulation we did a while ago. Ken Stanley did that. Two robots that were competing simulation, like I said, they were foraging for food to gain energy. And then when they were really strong, they would bounce into the other robot and win if they were stronger. And we watched evolution discover more and more complex behaviors. Th
erience that is beyond my ability to understand, and I jump out of bed and I race to work and I can't think about anything else, but I think the reality for me is, I don't know what it's like to be in your head, but in my head, when I wake up in the morning, I don't say good morning, Brian, I'm so happy to see you. Like I'm sure you're just gonna be beautiful to me today. You're not gonna make a huge long list of everything you should be anxious about. You're not gonna repeat that list to me 400 times. You're not gonna have me relive all the regrets I've made in life. I'm sure you're not doing any of that. You're just gonna just help me along all day long. I mean, it's a brutal environment in my brain, and we've just become normalized to this environment that we just accept that this is what it means to be human, but if we look at it, if we try to muster as much soberness as we can about the realities of being human, it's brutal. If it is for me, and so am I sad that the brain may be off one day? It depends on the contextual setting. Like how am I feel
The following is a conversation with Tyler Cohen, an economist at George Mason University and co creator of an amazing economics blog called Marginal Revolution, author of many books, including The Great Stagnation, Average Is Over and his most recent Big Business, A Love Letter to an American Antihero. He's truly a polymath in his work, including his love for food, which makes this amazing podcast called Conversations with Tyler really fun to listen to. Quick mention of our sponsors, Linode, ExpressVPN, Simplisafe and Public Goods. Check them out in the description to support this podcast. As a side note, given Tyler's culinary explorations, let me say that one of the things that makes me sad about my love hate relationship with food is that while I've found a simple diet, plain meat, veggies, that makes me happy in day to day life, I sometimes wish I had the mental ability to moderate consumption of food so that I could truly enjoy meals that go way outside of that diet. I've seen my mom, for example, enjoy a single piece of chocolat
 war? Unfortunately, yes. There are conflicting interests, conflicting goals that people have. Most of the time, those conflicts can be resolved peacefully. That's why we build strong institutions to resolve different interests and conflicts peacefully. But the fact, the enduring fact of conflicting interests and conflicting desires, that can never be changed. So the job that we have for humanity's sake is to make those conflicting interests, those conflicting desires, to make them, to put them in a context where they can be resolved peacefully, and not in a zero sum fashion. So we can't get there on the global scale. So there's always going to be the kind of conflict that sometimes gets violent. What we don't want is a conflict among the strongest powers. Great power conflict is unbelievably bad. There are no words to describe it. At least 55 million people died in World War II. If we have a World War III, a war between the United States and China, or whatever it might be, who knows what the number could be? 155 million, 255 million, 555 million, I don
wn intelligence and then that technology supersedes us in terms of its capabilities. And we ride along. Or do you ultimately see it as... And we ride along, but a lot of people don't see that. They say, well, you've got humans and you've got machines and there's no way we can ultimately compete with humans. And you can already see that. Lee Soudal, who's like the best Go player in the world, says he's not gonna play Go anymore. Because playing Go for a human, that was like the ultimate in intelligence because no one else could do that. But now a machine can actually go way beyond him. And so he says, well, there's no point playing it anymore. That may be more true for games than it is for life. I think there's a lot of benefit to working together with AI in regular life. So if you were to put a probability on it, is it more likely that we merge with AI or AI replaces us? A lot of people just think computers come along and they compete with them. We can't really compete and that's the end of it. As opposed to them increasing our abilities. And if
doing the opposite. You're literally hurting that guy because your shit ain't working in the way that you'd like it to. So you're having to use strength. You're having to, it's one of my favorites, like, oh, you're using too much strength. And it's like, well, hold on. Do we want people not to use strength at this point to understand more of mechanics? Or are you trying to tell people if they use strength at all, that they're somehow bad at what they do? Cause you know, it's not my fault. You're not stronger than me. But see, I'm speaking to something else that's, that's. Well, I tend to think what it comes down to is like, strength is fine until you beat me with it. Then it sucks. Okay, so strength is another thing. I'm speaking, I'm thinking about more like anger. Oh, sure. Okay, so like. I've seen a lot of angry guys in jiu jitsu, I know that. Really? Mm hmm. Okay, okay, good, well, but let's talk about, let's talk about the highest level of competitions. There's a book called Wrestling Tough. Yeah. It's a really good book. There's, I've encountered in my life a few, especia
what forces held the atomic nucleus together, what it was and so. Anyway, the story that emerges from QCD is that very similar to the way that, well, broadly similar to the way that clouds of electrons held together by electrical forces give you atoms and ultimately molecules. Protons and neutrons are like atoms made now out of quarks, quark clouds held together by gluons, which are like the photons that give the electric forces, but this is giving a different force, the strong force. And the residual forces between protons and neutrons that are leftover from the basic binding are like the residual forces between atoms that give molecules, but in the case of protons and neutrons, it gives you atomic nuclei. So again, for definitional purposes, QCD, quantum chromodynamics, is basically the physics of strong interaction. Yeah, we understand, we now would understand, I think most physicists would say it's the theory of quarks and gluons and how they interact. But it's a very precise, and I think it's fair to say, very beautiful theory base
what is it, the old Lincoln line, if you want to test the man's character, give him power. Yeah. Yes. But that doesn't mean that some people are not able to handle the power, that some people are not able to come up with good ideas that create better social media. Yeah, I didn't interpret Jaren's statements as being entirely cynical and hopeless. He's definitely raising, you know, issues of concern. But he wouldn't be out, you know, writing the books that he's written and talking about this stuff if he didn't think there was a way. If he didn't think there was hope, yeah. And part of it, as you probably know with Jaren, he just loves a good argument. Yeah. He just loves to have a little bit of fun. Well I have to ask you about, I mean, we talked about taking all big, bold, risky ideas. So in your new book, Termination Shock, it's set here in Texas. Part of it is, yeah. Yeah. Most of it. Yeah. It's a great place to set it. So in it, the main character, TR McCooligan, a Texas billionaire oil man and truck stop magnate, decides to solve climate change, to take on 
 to have a checking account. He would walk to each store, each, the phone company, the gas company, this company, and pay the bill in person. He didn't trust the bank. And it was like, now, ATMs, this, that, he would be overwhelmed. He'd be just like, I mean, I love my dad, but to watch him on his iPad is comical, right? He calls my niece's boyfriend, who's a tech guy, Matt, Matt, if you listen, he's the greatest. He'll have this poor guy on the phone for like hours. Like the second you'll walk in to see my father, my kids, hey, do me a favor, you fucking straighten out this pad. And it's comical because I'm looking at my dad and I'm going, he was born when Hitler started World War II. Yeah, wow. And I'm going, he's seen all of that. Oh, my wife's grandmother was born in 1900 in Czechoslovakia and she died in 1998. I'm going, holy, the stuff she saw in the span of her life, just, it's just incredible. But what troubles me sometimes is with all of these advances and all these devices, this is what I say to my kids, look up from the phone and look up, right? Because we don't talk a
nk has been properly weighted with that is that we are the first generation of intelligent beings on this Earth that has been able to look out over their expected lifetime and see there is a real possibility of evolving into entirely novel forms of consciousness, so different that it would be totally unrecognizable to us today. We don't have words for it, we can't hint at it, we can't point at it, we can't, you can't look in the sky and see that thing that is shining, we're gonna go up there. You cannot even create an aspirational statement about it. And instead we've had this knee jerk reaction of fear about everything that could go wrong. But in my estimation, this should be the defining aspiration of all intelligent life on Earth that we would aspire, that basically every generation surveys the landscape of possibilities that are afforded, given the technological, cultural and other contextual situation that they're in. We're in this context, we haven't yet identified this and said, this is unbelievable, we should carefully think thi
king and actual practical applications, like treatments and healthcare or investment in stock market. Many tasks are like that. We don't know and we'll never know what the optimal answers were. And there you need different kinds of approach. Reinforcement learning is one of those. Reinforcement learning comes from biology as well. Agents learn during their lifetime. They eat berries and sometimes they get sick and then they don't and get stronger. And then that's how you learn. And evolution is also a mechanism like that at a different timescale because you have a population, not an individual during his lifetime, but an entire population as a whole can discover what works. And there you can afford individuals that don't work out. They will, you know, everybody dies and you have a next generation and they will be better than the previous one. So that's the big difference between these methods. They apply to different kinds of problems. And in particular, there's often a comparison that's kind of interesting and important between reinfor
sometimes reflect on the amount of power and responsibility he has that he can exercise? Does he sometimes think about what it means that a single person has that kind of power? And does it have an effect on his relations with others, his sense of self, the kinds of things he values in life? Does he sometimes think it's a mistake that he's accumulated this much power? Does he sometimes wish he had a simpler life? Or is he once again so drunk, so enamored, so caught up with chemically and spiritually with exercising this kind of power that he couldn't live without it? And then what were you thinking, I would ask him, in certain decisions that he made? What were you thinking on certain dates and certain circumstances where you made a decision and could have made a different decision? Can you recall your thought processes? Can you bring the decision back? Was it seat of the pants? Was it something you'd been planning? Did you just improvise or did you have a strategy? What were you guided by? Whose examples did you look to? When you pic
And if you are, I think the only danger potentially with that mindset is that if you look at many of the studies of old age and end of life, most people say I never look back on my life and wish I worked harder. I wish instead I'd spent more time with family, friends and engaged in that aspect. Now I'm not saying though, coming back to your point, that that is the standard rubric for everyone. I don't believe it is too. And there are many things that you and I are both benefiting from today, even in the field of medicine, where people have sacrificed their own longevity for the quest of solving a particular medical problem. And they died quicker because of their commitment, because they wished to try and solve that problem in their pursuit of greatness scientifically. And I now benefit. Am I grateful that they did that? Incredibly grateful. You know, a simpler demonstration is this. If tonight at 4 a.m. in the morning, I have a ruptured appendix, I have an appendicitis, I am incredibly grateful that there is an emergency team that will 
computer. Correct. Correct. So which is in the context of the history of biology is a big transformation. Yeah. Yeah. You can think of the name as what do we do? Only computation. That's not true. How do we study it? Only computationally. That is true. So all of these single cell sequencing can now be coupled with the technology that we talked about earlier for perturbation. So here's the crazy thing. Instead of using these wells and these robotic systems for doing one drug at a time or for perturbing one gene at a time in thousands of wells, you can now do this using a pool of cells and single cell RNA sequencing. How? You basically can take these perturbations using CRISPR and instead of using a single guide RNA, you can use a library of guide RNAs generated exactly the same way using this array technology. So you synthesize a thousand different guide RNAs. You now take each of these guide RNAs and you insert them in a pool of cells where every cell gets one perturbation. And you use CRISPR editing or CRISPR, so with either CRISPR
he universe. He had stars in his eyes when he said that. And I thought, that's great. I don't want to do that. I think it's great that someone does that, fully support the people that do it, a lot of respect for people that do that. But I am more motivated when I can see a line to how the work that my teams and I are doing helps people. The world needs all sorts of people. I'm just one type. I don't think everyone should do things the same way as I do. But when I delve into either theory or practice, if I personally have conviction that here's a pathway to help people, I find that more satisfying to have that conviction. That's your path. You were a proponent of deep learning before it gained widespread acceptance. What did you see in this field that gave you confidence? What was your thinking process like in that first decade of the, I don't know what that's called, 2000s, the aughts? Yeah, I can tell you the thing we got wrong and the thing we got right. The thing we really got wrong was the importance of, the early importance of unsupervised l
mely controversial idea and not everyone's on board with it. And even if you are willing to consider using a technological intervention, the fact is that it's going to have different effects on different parts of the world. So some areas may suffer more negatives than positives and they're not going to be happy. So what do you think, so in his case, in TR's case, he can get around getting permission from governments. If we were to look at us facing outside of the story, us facing climate change, where do you think the solution will come from? Governments working together or from bold billionaire Texans? I'm pretty sure that this kind of intervention is never going to emerge from Western democracies. This kind of, sorry, government coordinated, which option one? Solar geoengineering. Solar geoengineering. Yeah. From a government, from a, like those are, I want to sort of the distinction, one is the idea, the technological idea you're talking about, but two is like who comes up with the idea and agrees on it, governments or individuals. Yeah. If
ould be a mistake. And there will be mistakes. And I, in the first edition of my book, there were errors that we corrected in the second edition too. But there will be probabilistically, if you've got 10 facts per page of a book and you've got 350 pages, odds are it's probably not going to be utter perfection out the gate. And it will be the same way for Andrew too. But having the reverence of a humble mind and simply accepting the things that are wrong and correcting them and doing the right thing. I know that that's his mentality. I do want to say that I'm just kind of honored to be, it's a cool group of like scientific people that I'm fortunate enough to now be interacting with. It's you and Andrew and David Sinclair has been thinking about throwing his hat in the ring. Oh, I hope so. David is another one of those very special people in the world. So it's cool because podcasts are, it's cool. It's such a powerful medium of communication. It's much freer than more constrained like publications and so on. Or it's much more accessible and inspirin
e people start getting weird and evil towards each other and bad when the resources are very low relative to the needs of the populace, especially at the basic level, like survival, shelter, food, all those kinds of things. But I tend to believe that once you have those things established, then, well, not to believe, I guess I hope that AI systems will be honest. But it's scary to think about the Turing test, AI systems that will eventually pass the Turing test will be ones that are exceptionally good at lying. That's a terrifying concept. I mean, I don't know. First of all, sort of from somebody who studied language and obviously are not just a world expert in AI, but somebody who dreams about the future of the field. Do you hope, do you think there'll be human level or superhuman level intelligences in the future that we eventually build? Well, I definitely hope that we can get there. One, I think important perspective is that we are building AI to help us. That it is a tool like cars or language or communication, AI will help us be mor
ve, so at high energies, the simplicity of the fundamental interaction gets revealed. At the time we did our work, the clues were very subtle, but nowadays at what are now high energy accelerators, it's all obvious. So we would have had a much, well, somebody would have had a much easier time 20 years later, looking at the data, you can sort of see the quarks and gluons. As I mentioned, they leave these short tracks that would have been much, much easier, but from fundamental, from indirect clues, we were able to piece together enough to make that behavior a prediction rather than a post diction, right? So it becomes obvious at high energies. It becomes very obvious. When we first did this work, it was frontiers of high energy physics and at big international conferences, there would always be sessions on testing QCD and whether this proposed description of the strong interaction was in fact correct and so forth. And it was very exciting. But nowadays the same kind of work, but much more precise with calculations to more accuracy and exp
ur choices have been curtailed and then we're paralyzed by indecision in the wake of seemingly unlimited possibilities, because we're not choking on choice. And, and I'm not sure if this is helpful advice or not, but what I say to folks is that the fact of the matter is, is the, you know, for most people, choice is a first world problem. And sometimes the best option is to do something as silly as it sounds. And then if that doesn't work, do something else, which just sounds like my mom torturing me, uh, when I was young. But you know, part of the thing that I find myself singularly ill equipped is that we're at the, I may be at the tail end of the last generation of Americans where you like picked something and that's what you did. Like I've been at a job for 40 years where you can expect to do better than your parents cause those days are gone. Yeah. And where you can make a comfortable inference that the world in a decade or two will have any remote similarity to the one that we now inhabit. And so. But still you recommend just do. Yeah. 
ng pills, you typically have what's called rebound insomnia, where your sleep not only goes back to being as bad as it was before, it's usually even worse. For me, I think I found a number of things effective. that can firstly understand when you are well slept. So let's say that people have sleep trackers at night and then your car integrates that information and it understands when you are well slept. And then you've got the data of the individual behavior unique to that individual, snowflake like, when they are well slept. This is the signature of well rested driving. Then you can look at deviations from that and pattern match it with the sleep history of that individual. And then I don't need to find the sort of, you know, the one size fits all approach for 99% of the people. I can create a very bespoke tailor like set of features, a Savile Row suit of sleepiness features. You know, that would be my, if you want to ask me about moon shots and crazy ideas, that's where I go. But to start with, I think your approach is a great one. Let's fi
 of, you know, what we would define as consciousness? And I'm sure it's got something to do with the complexity of the neural system. Of that, I'm fairly certain. But to me, it's always been fascinating. So what is it then? You know, is it that I just keep adding neurons to a Petri dish and I just keep adding them and adding them and adding them. At some point when I hit a critical mass of interconnected neurons, that is the mass of the, you know, the interconnected human brain, then bingo. All of a sudden it kicks into gear and we have consciousness. Like a phase shift, phase transition of some kind. Correct, yeah. But there is something about the complexity of the nervous system that I think is fundamental to consciousness. And the reason I bring that up is because when we're trying to then think about creating it in an artificial way, does that inform us as to the complexity that we should be looking at in terms of development? I also think that it's a missed opportunity in the sort of digital space for us to try to recreate human cons
tally prepared to be reciprocators to the point where we will reciprocate on the basis of intentions above and beyond what actually happens. How close, so, I mean, your work is on the fundamental role of the fear of mortality in ourselves. How fundamental is this reciprocation, this human connection to other humans? Oh, I think it's really innate. Yeah, I think it's because, yeah, bats reciprocate, not by intention, but, you know, this, I'm going here from Richard Dawkins, The Selfish Gene, you know, to, I love the early Dawkins, I'm less enamored. I like the early Beatles. Yeah, no, no, no. And again, I say this with great respect, but, you know, Dawkins just points out that, you know, reciprocation is just fundamental, cooperation is fundamental. You know, it's a one sided view of evolutionary takes on things when we see it solely in terms of individual competition. It's almost, from a game theoretic perspective too, it's just easier to see the world that way. It's easier to, I don't know, I mean, you see this in physics, there's a whole field of folks, like com
ngs I do both when creating videos or when we write the batch is I try to think is one minute spent of us going to be a more efficient learning experience than one minute spent anywhere else and we really try to you know make it time efficient for the learners because you know everyone's busy so when when we're editing I often tell my teams every word needs to fight for its life and if you can delete a word let's just delete it and not wait let's not waste the learning time let's not waste the learning time oh that's so it's so amazing that you think that way because there is millions of people that are impacted by your teaching and sort of that one minute spent has a ripple effect right through years of time which is it's just fascinating to think about how does one make a career out of an interest in deep learning do you have advice for people we just talked about sort of the beginning early steps but if you want to make it an entire life's journey or at least a journey of a decade or two how do you how do you do it
early comes from the influences on your life, where you grow up, how you grow up, how you raised, what kind of values are imparted to you along the way. You can understand power as the ability to share, or you can understand or the ability to advance something for the collective in a collective process, not an individual process. So power comes in many different varieties. And ambition doesn't always equate to despotic power. Right power is something different from ordinary institutional power that we see. The president of MIT does not have unconstrained power. The president of MIT rightly must consult with other members of the administration, with the faculty members, to a certain extent with the student body and certainly with the trustees of MIT. Those constraints make the institution strong and enduring and make the decisions better than they would be if he had unconstrained power. But you can't say that the president is not ambitious. Of course, the president is ambitious. We worry about unconstrained power. We worry about ex
Forward progress in AI is shrouded in mystery. My hope is that conversations like this can help provide an inspiring spark for new ideas. This is the Artificial Intelligence Podcast. If you enjoy it, subscribe on YouTube, iTunes, or simply connect with me on Twitter at Lex Friedman, spelled F R I D. And now, here's my conversation with Jeff Hawkins. Are you more interested in understanding the human brain or in creating artificial systems that have many of the same qualities but don't necessarily require that you actually understand the underpinning workings of our mind? So there's a clear answer to that question. My primary interest is understanding the human brain. No question about it. But I also firmly believe that we will not be able to create fully intelligent machines until we understand how the human brain works. So I don't see those as separate problems. I think there's limits to what can be done with machine intelligence if you don't understand the principles by which the brain works. And so I actually believe that studyi
 interview with him. I asked him, what's up with these? What do you think it is? He basically said that was the single most likely explanation was of alien origin. Now you don't have to agree with him. But look, if you know how government works, these senators, or Hillary Clinton, for that matter, or Brennan, they sat down, they were briefed by their smartest people, and they said, hey, what's going on here? And everyone around the table, I believe, is telling them, we don't know. And that is sociological data I take very seriously. I have not seen a debunking of the technical data, which is eyewitness reports and images and radar. Again, I don't pretend that I have the technical abilities or again, at a technical level, I feel quite uncertain on that turf. But evaluating through the testimony of witnesses, it seems to me it's now at a threshold where one ought to take it seriously. Yeah, one of the problems with UFO sightings is that because of people with good equipment don't take it seriously, it's such a taboo topic, that you have just like real
hips. What's a bullwhip? Just a whip, you have them here in Texas, right? Yeah, I understand. But how does that have to do with propulsion? If you think about it, a whip is an incredibly simple primitive object that can break the speed of sound. So it's unbelievable in a way that for thousands of years, people with no technology have been able to accelerate objects through the speed of sound just through an architectural trick. Just the physics of a moving bend of material in a medium can do this. So that's the thing I still think about from time to time. to move the cursor around or whatever or hitting the backspace key, I can just draw a line through a word or a sentence or just around a whole paragraph and exit out. And in doing so, I very quickly created an edit, but I've also left behind a record of what the text was prior to the edit. Of course, all the digital versions have those quote unquote features, but their experience is different. Is there a romance to just the physical, the touch of the pen to the paper doing what has be
. So how can each of us have that courage to question assumptions? I mean, we see that when people can go beyond the current realm and create something that's new. I mean, take Uber, for example. Before that existed, you never thought that that would be feasible and it did require changes in the way people work. Is there practical advice as you give in the book about what each of us can do to be a Danielle? Well, she looks at the situation and tries to imagine how she can overcome various obstacles and then she goes for it. And she's a very good communicator so she can communicate these ideas to other people. And there's practical advice of learning to program and recording your life and things of this nature. Become a physicist. So you list a bunch of different suggestions of how to throw yourself into this world. Yeah, I mean, it's kind of an idea how young people can actually change the world by learning all of these different skills. And at the core of that is the belief that you can change the world. That your mind, your body ca
arning type imitation learning which also thinks about goals. I think then we're getting much closer. But I think it's very hard to think of a fully reactive car, generalizing well. If it really doesn't have a notion of objectives to generalize well to the kind of general that you would want. You'd want more than just that reactivity that you get from just behavioral cloning slash supervised learning. So a lot of the work, whether it's self play or even imitation learning, would benefit significantly from simulation, from effective simulation. And you're doing a lot of stuff in the physical world and in simulation. Do you have hope for greater and greater power of simulation being boundless eventually to where most of what we need to operate in the physical world could be simulated to a degree that's directly transferable to the physical world? Or are we still very far away from that? So I think we could even rephrase that question in some sense. Please. And so the power of simulation, right? As simulators get better and better, of c
 like curiosity killed the cat and more. But basically, it's not thought to be a good thing. Curiosity killed the cat means if you're too curious, you get in trouble. I don't like cats anyway, so maybe it's a good thing. Yeah. That, to me, needs to be solved, really, in education and in homes. It's a realization that there's certain human qualities that we should try to build on and not destroy. One of them is curiosity. Anyway, back to me and curiosity. I was a pest and asked a lot of questions. My father generally could answer them at that age. And the first one I remember that he couldn't answer was not a very original question, but basically that ice is made out of water, and so why does it float on water? He couldn't answer it. It may not have been the first question. It's the first one that I remember. And that was the first time that I realized that to learn and answer your own curiosity or questions, there's various mechanisms. In this case, it was going to the library or asking people who know more and so forth. But eventually, you do it b
o like insights, then if you say what is going to be the occurrence of zeros in society going forward? And you could reasonably say probably a lot more than have occurred and probably more at a faster pace. So then if you say, what happens if you have this computational intelligence throughout society that the manufacturing design and distribution of intelligence is now going to heading towards zero, you have an increased number of zeros being produced with a tight connection between human and computers. That's when I got to a point and said, we cannot predict the future with first principles thinking. We can't, that cannot be our imagination set. It can't be our sole anchor in the situation that basically the future of our conscious existence, 20, 30, 40, 50 years is probably a zero. So just to clarify, when you say zero, you're referring to basically a truly revolutionary idea. Yeah, something that is currently not a building block of our shared conscious existence, either in the form of knowledge. Yeah, it's currently not manifest in what w
sition and installed Stalin, Lenin has a stroke, a major stroke, and never really returns as a full actor to power before he dies of a fourth stroke in January 1924. So a position is created for Stalin to run things on Lenin's behalf. And then Lenin has a stroke. And so Stalin now has this new position general secretary, but he's the right hand of a person who's no longer exercising day to day control over affairs. Stalin then uses this new position to create a personal dictatorship inside the Bolshevik dictatorship, which is the remarkable story I tried to tell. So is there anything nefarious about any of what you just described? So it seems conveniently that the position is created just for Stalin. There was a few other brilliant people, arguably more brilliant than Stalin in the vicinity of Lenin. Why was Stalin chosen? Why did Lenin all of a sudden fall ill? It's perhaps a conspiratorial question, but is there anything nefarious about any of this historical trajectory to power that Stalin took in creating the personal dictatorshi
The following is a conversation with Frank Wilczek, a theoretical physicist at MIT who won the Nobel Prize for the co discovery of asymptotic freedom in the theory of strong interaction. Quick mention of our sponsors, the Information, NetSuite, ExpressVPN, Blinkist, and Aidsleep. Check them out in the description to support this podcast. As a side note, let me say a word about asymptotic freedom. Protons and neutrons make up the nucleus of an atom. Strong interaction is responsible for the strong nuclear force that binds them. But strong interaction also holds together the quarks that make up the protons and neutrons. Frank Wilczek, David Gross, and David Politzer came up with a theory postulating that when quarks come really close to one another, the attraction abates and they behave like free particles. This is called asymptotic freedom. This happens at very, very high energies, which is also where all the fun is. This is the Lex Friedman Podcast, and here is my conversation with Frank Wilczek. What is the most beautiful idea in p
ou felt about the ice that today? You mentioned to me offline, you're teaching a course on the frontiers of science, frontiers of physics. What are some questions outside the ones we'll probably talk about that kind of, yeah, fill you with the, get your flame of curiosity up and firing up, you know, fill you with awe? Well, first, I'm a physicist, not an astronomer. So I'm interested in the physical phenomenon, really. So the question of dark matter and dark energy, which we probably won't talk about, our recent last 20, 30 years, certainly dark energy. Dark energy is a complete puzzle. It goes against what you will ask me about, which is general relativity and Einstein's general relativity. It basically takes something that he thought was what he called a constant, which isn't. And if that's even the right theory, and it represents most of the universe. And then we have something called dark matter, and there's good reason to believe it might be an exotic form of particles. And that is something I've always worked on, on particle accelerators and so fo
ying you were sort of anxious maybe about sort of sitting down with me, but I find that a little bit activating. And so it's not as though there's anything wrong with my memory. It's just the emotional state I'm in when I'm first meeting someone. It's a little bit perturbing, but I will never forget the face. I completely relate to that because I almost don't hear people's names when they tell me because I'm so anxious. Yeah. But I think there's certain quirks of social interaction that show that you care about the person, that you remember that person, that they matter to you, that they had an impact on you. And one of the ways to show that is you remember their name. But that's a quirk to me because a lot of people I meet have a deep impact on me, but I can't communicate that unless I know their name, unless I know some of the details that we humans seem to use to communicate that we remember each other. What I remember well is the feeling we shared, is the experience we shared. What I don't remember well is the detailed labels of those 
 you need to learn in your life. And I have a one year old daughter. I am not pointing out 10 to five bits per second of labels to her. And I think I'm a very loving parent, but I'm just not gonna do that. So from this very crude, definitely problematic argument, there's just no way that most of what we know is through supervised learning. But where you get so many bits of information is from sucking in images, audio, those experiences in the world. And so that argument, and there are a lot of known forces argument you should go into, really convinced me that there's a lot of power to unsupervised learning. So that was the part that we actually maybe got wrong. I still think unsupervised learning is really important, but in the early days, 10, 15 years ago, a lot of us thought that was the path forward. Oh, so you're saying that that perhaps was the wrong intuition for the time. For the time, that was the part we got wrong. The part we got right was the importance of scale. So Adam Coates, another wonderful person, fortunate to have worked with h
p? So history is full of contingency and surprise. After something happens, we all think it's inevitable. It had to happen that way. Everything was leading up to it. So Hitler seizes power in Germany in 1933, and the Nazi regime gets institutionalized by several of his moves after being named chancellor. And so all German history becomes a story of the Nazi rise to power, Hitler's rise to power. Every trend tendency is bent into that outcome. Things which don't seem related to that outcome all of a sudden get bent in that direction. And other trends that were going on are no longer examined because they didn't lead to that outcome. But Hitler's becoming chancellor of Germany in 1933 was not inevitable. It was contingent. He was offered the position by the traditional conservatives. He's part of the radical right and the traditional right named him chancellor. The Nazi party never outright won an election that was free and fair before Hitler came to power. And in fact, its votes on the eve of Hitler becoming chancellor declined relative to th
he reason that, you know, you've never been told to stay awake on a problem. And in every language that I've inquired about that phrase or something very similar seems to exist, which means to me that this creative associative benefit of sleep transcends cultural boundaries. It is a common experience across humanity. Now I should note that I think the French translation of that is much closer to you. I think you sleep with a problem. Whereas the British, you sleep on a problem. The French, you sleep with a problem. I think it says so much about the romantic difference between the British and the French, but let's not go there. That's brilliant. So such a subtle, but such a fundamental difference. Yeah. Oh, goodness me. Sleep with the problem. Yes, exactly. That's why I love the French. So, and we can sort of double click on any one of these and go into detail, but the fourth, I became really enchanted by about eight years ago in our research, which was this idea of forgetting. And I started to think that forgetting may be the price that we pa
navigates through a maze and the same way my finger navigates to this coffee cup. You are moving through some space. And so if you have a random list of things you were asked to remember, by assigning them to a reference frame, you've already know very well to see your house, right? And the idea of the method of loci is you can say, okay, in my lobby, I'm going to put this thing. And then the bedroom, I put this one. I go down the hall, I put this thing. And then you want to recall those facts or recall those things. You just walk mentally, you walk through your house. You're mentally moving through a reference frame that you already had. And that tells you, there's two things that are really important about that. It tells us the brain prefers to store things in reference frames. And that the method of recalling things or thinking, if you will, is to move mentally through those reference frames. You could move physically through some reference frames, like I could physically move through the reference frame of this coffee cup. I can also 
hing that gives you. It could be the right thing to do. It could be the complete wrong thing to do depending on the assumption stack. So you need to investigate the whole thing. Is there some, are there been people in your startup and your business journey that have served that role of advice giver that's been helpful? Or do you feel like your journey felt like a lonely path? Or was it one that was, of course, we're all there born and die alone. But do you fundamentally remember the experiences, one where you leaned on people at a particular moment in time that changed everything? Yeah, the most significant moments of my memory, for example, like on Kilimanjaro, when Ike, some person I'd never met in Tanzania, was able to, in that moment, apparently see my soul when I was in this death match with reality. And he gave me the instructions, look up, step. And so there's magical people in my life that have done things like that. And I suspect they probably don't know. I probably should be better at identifying those things. And, but yeah, hopeful
that humans are able to do do not have obvious survival advantages precedent. We could create music, is that, is there a really survival advantage to that? Maybe, maybe not. What about mathematics? Is there a real survival advantage to mathematics? Well, you could stretch it. You can try to figure these things out, right? But most of evolutionary history, everything had immediate survival advantages to it. So, I'll tell you a story, which I like, may or may not be true, but the story goes as follows. Organisms have been evolving for, since the beginning of life here on Earth, and adding this sort of complexity onto that, and this sort of complexity onto that, and the brain itself is evolved this way. In fact, there's old parts, and older parts, and older, older parts of the brain that kind of just keeps calming on new things, and we keep adding capabilities. When we got to the neocortex, initially it had a very clear survival advantage in that it produced better vision, and better hearing, and better touch, and maybe, and so on. But what I think 
aborators quiet during that time. Then we spent another month or so trying to understand what we'd seen so that we could do the science with it instead of just putting it out to the world and let somebody else understand that it was two black holes and what it was. The fact that a thousand collaborators were quiet is a really strong indication that this is a really close knit team. Yeah. And they're around the world. Either strong knit or tight knit or had a strong dictatorship or something. Yeah. Either fear or love. You can rule by fear or love. Yeah, right. You can go back to Machiavelli. Yeah. All right. Well, this is really exciting that that's a success story because it didn't have to be a success story, right? I mean, eventually, perhaps you could say it'll be an event, but it could have taken over a century to get there. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And it's only downhill now. What do you mean? You mean with gravitational waves? Yeah. Well, now we're off because of the pandemic, but when we turned off, we were seeing some sort of gravitational wave ev
h seems best to me under the assumption that the opponent plays the move which is best for him. So best, so worst for me under the assumption that he, I play again, the best move. And then you have this expecting max three to the end of the game, and then you back propagate, and then you get the best possible move. So that is the optimal strategy, which von Neumann already figured out a long time ago, for playing adversarial games. Luckily, or maybe unluckily for the theory, it becomes harder. The world is not always adversarial. So it can be, if there are other humans, even cooperative, or nature is usually, I mean, the dead nature is stochastic, you know, things just happen randomly, or don't care about you. So what you have to take into account is the noise, and not necessarily adversarialty. So you replace the minimum on the opponent's side by an expectation, which is general enough to include also adversarial cases. So now instead of a mini max strategy, you have an expected max strategy. So far, so good. So that is well known. It's called
t struggle, just in the face of, just pushing through in the face of hardship or nature too. Something much bigger than you. Is that, was that the thing that just clicked? For me, it felt like I was just locked in with reality and it was a death match. It was in that moment, one of us is going to die. So you were pondering death, like not surviving. Yep. And it was, and that was the moment. And it was, the summit to me was, I'm going to come out on top and I can do this. And giving in was, it's like, I'm just done. And so it did, I locked in and that's why, yeah, mountains are magical to me. I didn't expect that. I didn't design that. I didn't know that was going to be the case. I not, it would not have been something I would have anticipated. But you were not the same man afterwards. Yeah. Is there advice you can give to young people today that look at your story, that's successful in many dimensions, advice you can give to them about how to be successful in their career, successful in life, whatever path they choose? Yes, I would say, listen to advice a
itcoin, but you don't because there's no marketing on Bitcoin because all of these ideas get promoted on proprietary shitcoins because, yes. But there's the network effects of ideas, of applications. So they just take off for some reason. And human civilization is such that you get excited about stuff and large amounts of people believe a thing and they start to get excited and it actually has impact. Like the fact that NFTs can have an impact on the art world or the world in general is wild to me. But it worked. So the question is. David Rothcall has an impact on the art world. That doesn't say much. Well, I'm saying these ideas have, we're collective intelligent beings and we can believe a thing and that has power. That has led to major wars and all those kinds of things. So it's interesting to me that NFTs took hold. And the question is, is there distributed DApps? Is there distributed apps built on top of different blockchains that might somehow transform the world? You have to kind of keep an open mind to that. Cause right now it's 
hat CP is equivalent to T. But what's observed in the world is that T is not quite an accurate symmetry of nature, either. So most phenomena of, at the fundamental level. So interactions among elementary particles and the basic gravitational interaction. If you ran them backwards in time, you'd get the same laws. So if, again, going back. This time we don't talk about a mirror, but we talk about a movie. If you take a movie and then run it backwards, that's the time reversal. It's good to think about a mirror in time. Yeah, it's like a mirror in time. If you run the movie backwards, it would look very strange if you were looking at complicated objects and a Charlie Chaplin movie or whatever. It would look very strange if you ran it backwards in time. But at the level of basic interactions, if you were able to look at the atoms and the quarks involved, they would obey the same laws. They do a very good approximation, but not exactly. So this is not exactly, that means you could tell. You could tell, but you'd have to do very, very subtle experime
n. That took me 22 years, Lex. So you were a firefighter for 21, I was 22 years. Why did you become a firefighter? Oh, my dad, I mean, I was five years old and I went to his firehouse and there was these, at the time, they looked like giants to me with mustaches and the trucks smelled like smoke and the gear smelled like smoke and the tires and the diesel fuel and that one was like, this is what I'm gonna do. And then they bring you in the kitchen and they stuff you with ice cream and cake and everything. And then I go home to my mom, shaking with a sugar cone and she's mad at my dad, but yeah, it was just, oh, I was like, I gotta do this. It was like, they were like a baseball team in a garage with a truck and these big tools and big coats and helmets and they were just laughing and having fun and I'm like, yeah, man, I'm doing this. And I knew, I was obsessed with it. I mean, I was so pissed that the fireman's test came out when I was 14 and I couldn't take it, you had to be 18. And it was done, the test was graded and whatever. So my dad, now there's a cop
oice. And then it bummed me out that they reduced the last interaction between Chigurh and What's His Face's wife and he finally finds her and she's like, you don't have to do this. I mean, he's like, yes, yes, I do. This is the way it is. You can think that your life could've turned out any sort of way, you could've done this, you could've done that, but the reality is this is the way your life is and it's the way it was always going to be. You know, the fact that I'm here is the end of it and that's that. Yeah, it's funny, if you're honest, this with dark movies reveal that the villains are the purest of humans and can teach us the most profound lessons and that's certainly an example of it. What do you think the big ridiculous last philosophical question, what do you think is the meaning of this whole thing we've got going on of life and existence on Earth from your individual perspective but the entirety of the human species? Life, the universe and everything? Yeah. Don't. Oh. We could just leave it at that. You knew exactly where I was going. I lo