I want to do whatever it takes, takes, takes. You keep pushing me away
You'd say just what you please
Like sharpened knives through chicken McNuggets Now, heads of state who ride and wrangle
Coming from you,
He is now accepting callers
But I was proud to go and do my patriotic chore
Aaa aaa
Not way over in a bucket seat But when we're driving in my Malibu
nests of pines and brandy wine, build this country to the sky
Love was just a glance away
Everything you do. Repeat X3 When the house was standing
And no matter what you do,
Satan is my motor When you tried to kiss me
Baby, you're never there On the phone
Yeah, dancing and chanting in a sacrificial rite.
Nah nah nah nah nah nah, naa
I don't want to hear it
'Cause quittin' just ain't my shtick
Since we drove your Po-o-o-o-o-o-ontiac It's been a long time
Subtract one love, and multiply the heartaches Who draws the crowd, who plays so loud?
Has got to say it all I'm so nervous
Now nimble fingers that dance on numbers
The answer only tells us that it's too late
Aging black leather and hospital bills,
The man on the street might just as well be Launching loony thoughts into the bending of your mind
I would have made you leave your key
Since we drank the a-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-arsenic It's been a long time
Arco Arena Why walk in circles?
But she had a lighter
I was bound to let you go (All right) When she walks
But it is still isn't satisfying. Man is born, man lives, and man dies
I was bound to let you go I don't know much about Cinco de Mayo
that bounce on his Italian leather sofa Well Jolene unlocked the thick breezeway door
I know I'll be alive.
Jolene smoothed her dark hair in the mirror.
In the fields the bodies burning
What are teenagers doing today?
(I'm so sick of you
Inside of her room And I've waited for her for so long
I want to fly away I'm so sick of work
I don't wanna, I don't wanna Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh It's been a long time
Before the end of the movie
On the boot heels of your prime There's no need to ask directions
Daria, I won't be soothed over like,
Some people drink Coke
I am wishing you would say to me,
In the one true edge
We'll never get started
Because he's nodding and squinting and nodding and squinting
And they're trying to get through
Yeah, he's making a point, and it's very important indeed Yeah, he's making a point, and it's very important indeed
And it's all vanity. And that's about the way it is in the merry-go-round
Who have passed the test just like all the rest
To get up and see
Better come with an army
Why should they go out to fight
I love no one but you
Calls to me throughout the day
Bowel-shaking earthquakes of doubt and remorse
She doesn't care just as long as she still has her friends
While the overweight Americans wear their patriotic jumpsuits Wheels keep on spinning round spinning round spinning round
God is here in this country by the sky The winter's chill chilled me to the bone this year
Without that look upon your face.
You only answer
Out the window so far down
Well I have passed the test just like all the rest,
His music fills your feathers as you feel your passions fly With the mustache man on the carpet of his van
My heart can't forget about this self defense
Than somber thoughts of burning planets Now clever feet that flicker like fire
I don't want to live in your world of two There's only room for you
They laugh, they make money
He is serving the food
Say it all But the white paint,
And now our love is gone
Let me go, let me go
With the freighters towering over me
Watching all the reds and oranges slip away
I've got all my love to give.
But never really understood the reasons why
You want her, confront her, just open your window
Long line of cars She's writing she's writing she's writing a novel
Learn to buck up Now, simple feet that flicker like fire
To think I held you yesterday
I was high
It turned out so right I'm sitting by the window of your 32nd floor apartment
I'm trying hard to mend
And you don't believe me
You kick the sand
Right then she knew there must be something more. Jolene heard the singing in the forest.
And the woofers keep distorting and the tweeters kiss the girls
I said birds fall from the window ledge above mine.
He's just gotta find another place to play Anyway
And thinking of someone for whom he still burns He's going the distance
Your cancer would eat to the bone Your muscles would bulge underground
There's only room for you
The wacky morning DJ
Yeah!
Don't want me anymore
I need you to be here with me
When a crumpled up pair of trousers cost a brand new dime Well you ask me how I made it through?
Oh baby
I was bright
Just to tell me that I'm great
Before I cry I'm writing a song all about you
Might betray The way you feel about me
In your world of two I don't like to hang around you
The carpenter can take you out to lunch Now but I just want to play on my panpipes
Before the end of the movie People you hate
Say somebody,
Oh Ruby, don't take your love to town She's leaving now 'cause I just heard the slamming of the door
I want a girl with a short skirt and a long jacket. I want a girl who gets up early
I want to fly away
And it just won't be denied Excuse me, I think I've got a heartache
I don't want to be with you)
No more war pigs have the power
A bigger better slice
How do you afford your rock'n'roll lifestyle? Ah, tell me.
Sorcers of death's construction
You'll receive the federal funding, you can pass the simple test
Before the end of the show People you hate
Cool blue reason I'm just talking to myself
No, if you want to have cities,
I only came undone.
You'd end up just like me
And all you left were bills you hadn't paid.
But I know you're not alone. And everything you say,
And so you're back from outer space.
No phone no phone Shaking quaking
I found out yesterday that I've
Of the waning of the moon He is handling the money
Will get their hooks into you
Oh lord, yeah! Politicians hide themselves away
Mahna mahna Mahna mahna
Or should I
The arena is empty except for one man
All right, okay
In your mouth way down south.
You'd be back to bother me Well now go,
I'll tell all about how you cheated
long, long distance
Smoothed over like milk,
You tear down the bridge
Sheep go to heaven
I call my co-stars name
a stained glass moment marking time,
My rehearsals last for hours and hours
Just turn around now.
Than somber thoughts of burning planets Your pentagram is down below our floor.
No, you still don't like to leave
And my breath comes fast
Since I've seen a su-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-unny day It's been a long time
But it won't be long, I've heard them say until I'm not around
I'm never sure what it's all about
I kept thinking I could never live
You're moving on.
Since you gave me bu-uh-uh-uh-uh-oo-uh-uh-uh-oo-uh-oo-uh-uh-utterflies
I will sing when you're all dead
From the streets of sacramento
Coming from you
Since you wore your pillbox hat
Clouds hung hugely and oppressively
Or should I, should I
(Too much) Too much carbon monoxide for me to bare
Must be so satisfied
Beyond your flowers of flaming truth
Will turn their backs on you
Don't you know I've seen it all before
No phone No phone I'm so sick of you
Your knife will fall out of its sheath
Anyway
She swings her arms
I'm a president you don't remember getting kicked around I'm a dime
Why you say you are not in love with me
He is calling me "DUDE!" He says now do you believe
It's natural
Is a small reminder of a simpler time
And seeing only red
I say, "Baby, scoot over, please"
They only started the war
Plugs in the sockets You know it would be easy, so easy
Oh, is this love?
He will break you down
On the boot heels of your prime Doesn't matter if you're skinny
I guess I'll leave it up to you There's a long line of cars
Take your economy car and your suitcase
I won't be soothed. When you tried to tell me
Making mercies for their sins
Lettuce-toothed junkies all full of desire Meanwhile, Rick James takes her nude
Down to our pretty city of stars in our eyes
Aaaaaaaa Mahna mahna
You would bury them deep in the earth Without the tight little denim
She doesn't care whether or not he's a good man
Learn to buck up
Should I close the door? Aah, I fooled myself
For small loaves of bread
Walk out the door Just turn around
Just feeling sorry for myself I used to cry,
I don't want to think back to the one thing that I know I should have done
And I shine I don't want to hear you whisper
And take 'em home [Incomprehensible]
Since I've seen your smiling face
Instead of the moon
Was so inviting
Satan is my motor
Tattoo removal and dozens of pills.
(Stars in our eyes)
I hoped and I prayed
And oh, my dear, I'll be right here
She'll hang the baskets on the wall
By my side But then I spent so many nights
Up
If you come back and show them all you're not afraid What's now is now
The one with the polyester pinstriped suit
Only eight more hours left to go Generals gathered in their masses
And you don't even play piano I can't believe it's true, I can't believe that you
Unless I see their ascent.
But don't be fooled by
Oh Ruby, don't take your love to town It wasn't me that started this whole crazy Asian war
Meanwhile, Rick James takes her nude And there's nothing I can do
(I don't know) It's coming down
Past my window all the time.
Let me go and I will want you
Eventually we began to see that we could be completely free
And we could live each separately in our cities in the sun
Cause when the seaweed sinks and the sun gets low,
Mahna mahna Aaaaaa
Unbolt it, unlock it, unfasten your latch
You'll receive the federal funding, you can have a hefty grant
I grew strong
But he's striving and driving and hugging the turns
always turns into the same old crime (Same old crime!) I want to fly away
Girl, I just can't live without you I'm never ever gonna quit
We didn't notice, we didn't care, we didn't notice
Scratching at the bottom for another clue, yeah Fawn, Jo and Tootsie are out on a wire
Baby, it's the guitar man
will crumble into tiny grains of sand Every thing you find that at first gives you shine
Something in my heart
Down to our pretty city of stars
Or remember where we've been
Just thinking how you'd done me wrong.
It is useless to resist it
Don't you care? Car after bus after car after truck
Arco Arena The parking lot sparkles hot
How can you say, the future's in the palm, in the palm of your hand? When the house was standing
that she moves back and forth
But don't forget the ones who foot the bill
I want a girl with a short skirt and a long, long jacket I want a girl with a smooth liquidation
I'm just talking to myself Cool blue reason wraps around your throat
When the waves retire to the darkness below
Oh no
She's got a serrated edge
Turn completely around if I feel so inclined I've got a mind that can steal me to your house
Your naked body shimmers in the night.
And you see his face
And peer down below
We're burning gasoline Go
There's only room
One good turn at a time
I don't see their last second curves
Ya
I wonder why And the cement mixer gets it all ready
Oh not I. I will survive.
Cobwebs fall on an old skipping record Beyond the suns that guard this roost
Or would I smile and watch it slowly fall, fall, fall? Garbage trucks and taxi cabs don't seem like they can reach me here
You can feel your fatty tissues giving way to sweaty hands
I kept thinking I could never live without you
I learned how to get along And so you're back
When she sees, she sees the stars
Some people, they call me monster
You'd end up just like me Stickshifts and safetybelts
Not the way I feel about you
Too much carbon monoxide for me to bare
Long line of cars
Just not to fall apart I'm trying hard to mend the pieces
Subtract one love, and multiply the heartaches
They took it in the first place.
Stockbrokers, singers, dancers, architects
I've got a lot of work to do
But when it's me you lock the door
Like sharpened knives through chicken Mc Nuggets Now heads of state who ride and wrangle
I just want to drink me some wine
Yeah, yeah
He moves his words like a prize fighter
I know I'll be alive
This one, this one, this one Heads of state who ride and wrangle
Watching the sun, the sun
She's playing with her jewelry
You need to pull back your shoulders and tighten your butt.
Heeeey hoooo
Will crunch like nuts in the mouths of squirrels (Shut the fuck)
Your turquoise and silver won't weaken this old heart.
And we can still begin again
From Kitty to Karen
But in his mind, he won't be coming back
By 10 a.m I'm dressed
I will survive Yeah
Sad songs and waltzes aren't selling this year Strangers in the night,
And yesterday is weaving in and out And the fluffy white lines
Your feisty eyes won't make me fall apart.
(Mugs on TV)
I'm gonna stay right here with you
Doesn't matter if you're fat
And how much did you spend on your black leather jacket?
It tells me where I'm going
It's only mine that matters now
And peer down below,
I want a girl who stays up late
He's fighting and biting and riding on his horse
He can get you high
Right, right learn to buck up
A faintly glimmering radio station While Frank Sinatra sings "Stormy Weather"
You reach for something high but it's a mountain that you find
He can show you his tattoos
And sirens on the way They're too late
Is all because of you
Well, always on this roller coaster
Like sharpened knives through chicken McNuggets (Shut the fuck)
And something in my mind just got away It's all behind you now,
And as god has struck the hour
Now clever feat that flicker like fire
I play both good and evil parts
I want a girl with shoes that cut
In the one big song
I want to cast your face in lead.
I'm silver plated, I'm underrated
Before the night was through Something in your eyes
Searching through your closets for your grandfather's gun
If you want me why can't you get closer Never there
It's been a long time
Walk out the door.
Reckless and wild, they pour through the turns
I know, I know Ruby sees. At first I was afraid.
That gaping hole, was, once a foundation
Of cardboard shanties and tents Some people drink Pepsi
Yea, alright, okay Is this love? Tell me
Your liver pays dearly now for youthful magic moments, But rock on completely with some brand new components.
I need to feel your touch
Love has started to fade
Let me go and I will want you more
And he will bring you down
Ascending quick into the author's bathroom Fawn, Jo and Tootsie are out on a wire
They'll tar you and drag you through town
Assail him, impale him with monster-truck force
(Meanwhile, Rick James takes her nude) And there's nothing I can do
Lovers at first sight
Was so exciting
I can feel the pressure building high.
Mr. Mastodon Farm,
Then they flap their wings at the last second.
In the dark and dusty corner by the TV shelf
Their last second curves toward flight.
Instead of her lips And I've waited for her for so long
I'd like to get even
I should have changed my fucking lock.
Ringing stinging Jerking like a nervous bird
I want to love you now
I used to cry.
God is here in this country by the sky
I wonder if I could hang on Let me go she said
... You have always got to move,
I know, I know Ruby sees all.
I'm not going to smile today
That what it was was really pure.
Divide the tears by every time a heart breaks
She's changing her name
No trophy, no flowers, no flashbulbs, no wine
I sing what can't be said Heads of state who ride and wrangle
With somebody new I'm not that stupid little person
I'll see you through it I've got to keep you pleased
Wheels keep on spinning round spinning round and round
Is a Japanese man in a business suit singing "Smoke Gets In Your Eyes"
You're with him and you don't even know That I've been dying all day long
That makes their falling and their flight
I'm just talking to myself
Churning and burning, they yearn for the cup
Still driving and striving as fast as he can
Now my baby keep on
The fans get up and they get out of town
She's leaving your house She had to get out
...in the freezer
But then the third heart came along
And the waiter at the restaurant sets a table just for one
To the freeways of L.A.
In your world of two It's not that I don't like you
As much as you can stand Make love to you right now
And yet I've still stayed frozen
Come winter, there'll be baskets on the floor But I've seen it all before, heard the slamming of the door
And autumn's leaves have all been blown away.
She folded the towel carefully and put it back in place. Yeah I want to pull you down into bed.
He's going the distance Ah no, so sad, alright
When you tried to feed me
Come summer, come fall
And putting down his metal cane
Who uses a machete, to cut through red tape With fingernails that shine like justice
Cobwebs fall on an old skipping record I had a match
What would they say?
The ornaments look pretty but they're pulling down the branches of the tree
Too much
When I've got you next to me It's been a long time
I stay inside
I have wasted so much time [Instrumental] You've painted up your lips and rolled, and curled your tinted hair
While heavy torsos that heave and hurl
Watching the, the sun, go down You part the waters
I'm not gonna laugh
In love forever
Here without that look upon your face I should have changed that fucking lock
(Spinning round) Wheels keep on spinning round spinning round spinning round
The carpenter can take you out to lunch Now I just want to play on my panpipes
When you tried to get me together
Rattling up against his cage
Ohh, ho He can make you love
Yeah do you think she has never seen?
We can send a car to find you
You lie on the floor She's slamming your door
punk rock
No I don't (I don't mind)
And everything else
Then go home to kiss your wife
Mr. corporate events
A candle's fickle flame
Waiting for your phone calls all to end
When we're driving in the car
(Hey!)
Ah, in the first place. In the brown shag carpet of a cheap motel
You say you're coming home,
I just know that I love you so
From outer space
Dancing and chanting in a sacrificial rite.
All you really have to do is ask
Oh, no is this love?
Has got to say it all Yeah, adjectives on the typewriter
They'll pull you down, you'll frown
It becomes important for me
Is this love?
Toward a, a horizontal flight.
So you might as well have a good time Sheep go to heaven
Microscope, I'm never sure if it's still you. The land of race car ya-yas
I have wasted so much time I have wasted so much time
No matter where you are,
Yeah, if you want to have cities,
Since I seen it bu-uh-uh-uh-uh-oo-uh-uh-uh-oo-uh-oo-urning in your eyes
Are drifting right in front
You've got your credit cards And you thank your lucky stars.
When the house was standing
An' he will get you high And something keeps him going
We'd be sharing love
And I could get away from you
The double wide shine
Nah nah nah nah nah nah, naa You'll receive the federal funding, you can add another wing
(Don't you?)
I know it all
I wish I wasn't just a pedestrian breathing all this in
Yeah, he's making a point, and it's very important indeed She'll hang the baskets on the walls
ok
Fuel burning fast on an empty tank
Since we've been insi-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-ide of this tomb
I know it all (I know it all)
Do you [Repeat: x3] I am an opera singer
Should I close the door?
Do you remember now, the oblivion of youthful minds,
And you know I need it, too 'Cause I found
Yeah, ho, yow
You've got your grand piano You don't even play piano
No phone no phone I just want to be alone today
I'd like for the whole world to hear
We are building it bigger
Don't you think that she would realize?
They hear the tune that is different. Man is born, man lives, and man dies
Your colleagues are in prison and your enemies in reign
Say it all,
Oh Ruby, for God sakes turn around No phone No phone I just want to be alone today
At first I was afraid
He's a king dust demon with an icepick smile
I live a lie in all I do and say
And how long will the workers keep building him new ones?
And we can still begin again Now that you know how much I understand
Is really just a play,
You're always trying to prove that,
Little did we know
I need my baby next to me Well, stickshifts and safetybelts
always through such strong resistance
(Spinning round) (I don't know)
And burn like candles in smoky spires
It's such a simple machine she doesn't have to use force
In the one big sign
Ah in the first place.
She's all alone (all alone)
Would I start to regret it?
If you want me why can't you just show me
Or would I smile and watch it slowly fall, fall, fall? Keep on, keep on doing it
so sick of play
You're out living it up today
We'll start to talk when she borrows my pen She wants a car with a cup holder armrest
I don't wanna hear it that's right
Instead of her hips
Take it all away And go
But you still don't like to leave
Gonna give you all of me
You part the waters The same ones that I'm thirsty for
It's going so loud and so forth
It's like a car crash happening on my street Broken bodies at my feet
His horn-rimmed glasses lights a square beneath his curls I have wasted so much time
They're trying every thrill there is in the books.
You think that I
The man on the street might just as well
Won't change the fact you're all alone (All alone!) Every piece of land
Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps I need your arms around me
Of my broken heart
He is living comfort eagle
SHUT THE FUCK UP!! Now, SHUT THE FUCK UP!!
Strategize this presentation, make them see that you're the man
That no matter what you say,
But when I need you (baby)
A warm embracing dance away And ever since that night
She's writing she's weaving conceiving a plot
First you say you're to busy
But you'd better come with cash Now his hat is on backwards
I was petrified.
God is calling
You get on, you go around, standing in the saddle Man is born, man lives, and man dies
She's trading her MG for a white Chrysler LeBaron
But now I'm saving all my lovin'
I can stop this car at any time
You always seem so far,
Writing your own headlines
All the dishes rattle in the cupboards when the elephants arrive I want to love you madly
And I shine In the hiss and rumble of the freeway sounds
I don't want to Too much carbon monoxide for me to bare
And please don't tell me
(Shut the fuck) Oh no, okay, I don't wanna
You're thinking of your car, And everything you say,
You break up the band
You'd be back to bother me. Go on now go.
Never there
Weren't you the one
I am an opera singer
Can cut you from their bloated budgets
Well now go,
When I go fishing
I'll never forget
Just let me know, I'll make it like it used to be What's now is now
We've been together
Your self-destruction doesn't hurt them.
And how much did you pay for your rock'n'roll t shirt
I will survive, I will survive
In spite of what I do
Only eight more hours to go Cool blue reason comes into your life
I grew strong.
But sad songs and waltzes aren't selling this year
He is racing, he is pacing, he is sleeping on his beat
They hear the tune that is different.
It would be easy
The way I know I've heard it slam one hundred times before
There's a ringle jingle near the underpass
I fell to the ground on a windy, windy night.
Come winter, there'll be baskets on the floor He'll go to buy her Turtle Wax
It's coming down
I don't wanna go to Sunset Strip I don't wanna go to Sunset Strip
And you find yourself a message and some words to call your own
I don't want to worry whether we're going to stay together till we die
By the banks of the mighty Bosphorus
Now I don't want to seem unkind
Counting dreams that never will come true Subtract one love, and multiply the heartaches
You're never ever ever ever there A golden bird that flies away
Did you think I'd lay down and die? Oh not I,
We didn't notice, we didn't care, we didn't notice Driving along in our luxury cars
Oh lord, yeah! A mirror image of a silver sky,
But the steel eye,
Right beneath the sign with the dusty yellow stars
When you tried to tell me
I want a girl with uninterrupted prosperity
The flies and spiders get along together
Don't you think it's time to swim to shore?
I wonder why Excuse Me, I Think I've Got A Heartache
He says that he'll be rich someday
(Is this love?)
I sing the mountains crumbling apart
You can feel the oceans rising as you're losing all control And meanwhile back at the Candlerock Lounge
It's open mike
And you expect me to be free But now I'm saving all my lovin'
There's a sparkle near the fast food garbage and roadside trash I'm a dime
It would be easy to crash She'll hang the baskets on the walls
You think she's an open book
Being in the places where we used to be
Like testicles from rear view mirrors The land of race car ya-yas, ya-yas
Who would like to sing along He says, do you believe
Yeah, come Comanche, Comanche, Comanche, commode.
And Emperors in Japan And after each performance
Because I'm not enough for a local phone call I'm a dime
Like sharpening knives through Chicken McNuggets...
You've nowhere to hide She's asking you why you think it's funny
No phone no phone I just want to be alone today Rhyming chiming got me working all the time
I call my co-stars brother
Without the sticky little kitten
Do all the things you want me to Whatever you want
I'm fine
Will always start to cloy and annoy Every camera every phone
The shadow on the wall tells me the sun is going down
I don't want to be with you I want to fly away
I want a girl with a short skirt and a long jacket Reluctantly crouched at the starting line
Right on, right on doing it
My feet were flailing in a lake. Up so close, I never get to see your face.
And they're a-wigglin' and a-wobblin' around
Yeah I want to throw you out into space.
All these birds just falling from the ledge like stones.
Dust-devil cypress and ripening fruit
Right, right, learn to buck up (Shut the fuck)
I need to fly away Every shiny toy
Icing on a cake,
I won't be soothed.
Up to the moment
He's going for speed
Na na
And wishing you were gone Ha, is this love?
We were strangers in the night
In your world of two
And it's all vanity. You can't understand it
It's business like.
You need to find some new feathers and buy some new clothes.
Yeah come Comanche Comanche Comanche commode.
If I had known for just one second
But god (it's such a crime) No phone No phone I just want to be alone today
You're not welcome anymore.
We're behind you
Who tried to break me with desire? Did you think I'd crumple?
We're a rubbernecker's dream
I need your love so much You tell me that you love me so
I don't need another day I need to fly away
Friend is a four letter word I've got wheels of polished steel
Take your psycho little dogs
Goats...go to hell Sheep go to heaven
I'm the one who plays piano
I need to fly away
Just to tell me that they loved my voice
Says democracy's a joke He says now do you believe
What I can expect to find
And where to throw my cape
People stand around and wait
And I found out yesterday,
I'm never, ever gonna stop
Take it all away Cool blue reason empties on the page
That's all I want to do
And I don't wanna wind up
caught up in the fashions of their time...
Just get rid of the antlers and lighten your load.
As soon as you're born you start dyin'
You see birds fall from the window ledge above mine.
Before the end of the show Adjectives on the typewriter
From Wheels-EP (iTunes exclusive) They just don't know how lost I feel without you
Now, you're not welcome anymore Weren't you the one
But he never seems to ash He is grooming his poodle
You'll lose your hair, your teeth
You'd lift this steaming herd
I was cleaning oil from beaches
It would be easy, so easy
You lead your casual slaughters
Could someday beat as one
with full intent on my 22 year old mind
(Too much)
Your love was just a game You tell me that you love me so
What's now is now (now is now) That Italian guy over there
'Cause he's racing and pacing and plotting the course
You're picking up in speed
Without the pretty pink ribbon
He is calling you "DUDE!" Now today is tomorrow
Your ticket could never be free Without the tight little denim
I've got all my life to live
I thumb the cool blade but I know this can't last I thumb the cool blade but I know this can't last Outside, outside the world
As the afternoon commuters drive their cars around
Just not to fall apart.
You get the upper hand
Food got on your apron
Must turn them too
Out there you don't hear the echos and calls
Every hidden back romance
In everything you do. You are mostly on the phone,
Where's the air? Car after bus after car after truck
Somehow being there without you's not the same. Parking lots, office parks and shopping malls
Ya, ya, ya, learn to buck up
I know I know Ruby sees.
Without you by my side.
He's going the distance
For someone who's lovin' me. Go on now go.
At City Bank we will meet accidentally
I can see their dead weight
But she had a fire
Who look at your face, from more than one angle
The sun has gone down and the moon has come up
I can hear the jets flying overhead
Watching the sun set
You only tell me
Engines pumping and thumping in time
And you want to get the meaning out of each and every song
But I've seen it all before, heard the slamming of the door
Do all the things you want me to Oh, I'm never gonna give ya up
Why walk in circles when you can win? Move your feet to the spirit of the ball
And a heart that can bring you red flowers
And the muscular cyborg German dudes dance with sexy French Canadians
Who crunch like nuts in the mouths of squirrels Shut the fuck up
Uh huh
While Frank Sinatra sings "Stormy Weather"
'Cause no one will hear it
As you hear the bodies burning
I want to love you madly
You're drinking what they're selling. Excess ain't rebellion.
I'm sitting, watching wind blow, watching time go, watching cars go by
For these beautiful
Will eat your children and steal your thunder
You don't wonder where we're going
Toward a horizontal flight.
that bounce on his Italian leather sofa.
Beautiful
For these pendant key chains To resist it is useless
There's no central destination But this long line of cars
That you have got to move. You have always got to move,
No one will play it
every time I look into this mirror image of a silver sky,
It's almost as if my life will fall
Do more to turn my joy to sadness
Move your feet to the spirit of the ball Welcome to the King's palace Arco Arena
Been wasting all my time Trying to make you smile
Now, now learn to buck up 1, 2, a-1, 2, 3, 4 Now, nimble fingers that dance on numbers
The one he ruthlessly smashed at the end of the show?
I'm a dime
With you 'cause you're leavin'
Baby, it's the guitar man He can make you love
She's touring the facilities
Daria, Daria, Daria,
Alright Welcome to the King's palace Arco Arena
Trying to make this seem worthwhile
Will crunch like nuts in the mouths of squirrels Now, nimble fingers that dance on numbers
You are believing your own stories
Cause when the seaweed sinks and the sun gets low
Inventing small contraptions
Oh no, oh no, no, no Okay, all right, oh no
And this long line of cars
It is past 11:30 and your friends are getting down
Goats...go to hell We know of an ancient radiation
But you're caught in your own glory
Well every time I pull you close
Best, best, best Once I thought two happy hearts
Jolene heard her father's uneven snores.
Just like witches at black masses
As long as I know how to love,
Has got to say it all
The one with the gray hair and mustache
You're racing just to prove that,
They leave that role to the poor
Bucket seats have all got to go
Right, shut the fuck up, heeeey hoooo
He's racing and pacing and plotting the course
Just thinking how you've done me wrong
And there's nothing I can do
At first, they resisted, but then they began to sway How can you say, forever, is at your command?
Old marquees with stupid band names
Race car ya-yas You need to straighten your posture and suck in your gut.
I won't see their last second curves
Wheels keep on spinning round spinning round and round In a CD karaoke bar
The bricks and mortar, have all given way
You're driving recklessly
She'll hang the baskets on the wall Birds fall from the window ledge above mine.
I've wondered if I could hang on
Up so close, I never get to see you.
Let me go she said let me go
Since you wore your eh-e-eh-e-eh-e-eh-e-eh-e-expensive French perfume
But to me,
Oh no I want a girl with a mind like a diamond
I put my face down in the cake.
When I'm on the ground, I roll through town
Trying to make things good for you Take your economy car and your suitcase
How do you afford your rock'n'roll lifestyle?
What it is that makes him go? Then the lights being to flicker and the sound is getting dim
It quickens it thickens you can't put it down now
Waking me when I'm asleep
We are now accepting callers
Aaaaaa
I will survive
My talent feeds my darker side
And so you thought you'd just drop by
A mirror image of a silver sky,
In spite of what you say
Just dropping like stones
My deepest concerns will stay buried and unspoken No I don't have any change but here's a few subway tokens
Christmas lights look desperate in this room.
We're the only ones to turn to
You'd float down to the sea Without the pretty pink ribbon
I want to love you, love you, love you madly I'm not feeling alright today
Yeah, but when we're driving far I need my baby
You're drinking what they're selling. Man is born, man lives, and man dies
Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps A million times I ask you
Searching for the songs to play Then you listen to the music and you'd like to sing along
Cool blue reason comes into your world
We will swim in your kidney, kidney-shaped pool
Yet no-one will complain I am an opera singer
for the words
Something in your smile
Did you think I'd crumble?
Than somber thoughts of burning planets Now, clever feet that flicker like fire
You'll receive the federal funding, you can add another wing
There is something new in,
What the world is searching for
Heads of state who ride and wrangle
There is something new,
In every way I can
Of all the love you had,
Baby Take the time to get to know me
When she talks she moves her mouth
We got color TV.
Must be thinking really loud thoughts
Money in pockets, mugs on TV, plugs in the sockets You know it would be easy, so easy
And you expect me to be free.
You can meet at his location
Like testicles from rear view mirrors The land of race car ya-yas
As long as their soda cans are red, white, and blue ones.
Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps If you can't make your mind up
Who tried to break me with desire?
The land of race car ya-yas
He's now accepting callers
Ignoring your own deadlines
If I'd have known for just one second
Standing in the Alpha Beta parking lot
A true song as real as my tears
And you think you might
I laugh and joke and paint a bright tomorrow
I had a flame
She doesn't care whether or not he's an island
Don't you care?
It took all the strength I had
Wheels keep on spinning round spinning round spinning round
Baby, keep on Right on
I look up at that grey sky
For someone whose lovin' me
Perfectly
Oh, no is this love? I don't thing so
That proves you were there That you heard of them first?
Those looks will soon begin to fade
I don't have to look no more And, oh, my babe
I've sung for Kings in Europe
You shake my hand
We've got to keep this traffic
Like he's making a point, and it's very important indeed
And so you thought you'd just drop by,
Cuts swatches out of all material.
She's got a silk dress and healthy breasts
Being parted, broken hearted So if you really love me, say yes
And who's on the radio, you know?
That sickly scent is always always there.
You should've told me long ago
Time will tell them they have power minds
The winter's chill chilled me to the bone this year
And so how am I ever to know?
Mr. Mastodon farm,
And adding more lanes We are building a religion
But you've no need to fear it
He's fighting and biting and riding on his horse He's going the distance
Satan is the only one who seems to understand I've got brakes I'm wide awake
It would be easy to crash It would be easy, so easy
And eyes that burn like cigarettes I want a girl with the right allocations
Since I've seen a su-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-unny day You won't admit you love me
I've been on fire
Ok
My lips may lie and paint a bright tomorrow
I will survive.
I just walked in to find you
Watching the sun go down
Up so close I never see the sky so blue. I only wanted to be sure
(I don't know)
The stonemason does all the work
Roll away,
Over our busy little cars
Wait until that judgment day comes
And I'd better say goodbye
I guess I'll leave it up to you Uninvited, we'll stay if we want
Plastic saints
What's now is now
I don't wanna feel the emptiness
But I don't (I don't mind)
How much did you pay for the chunk of his guitar,
Flowing and accept a little spin So this long line of cars
And whatever you need
Before I cry I guess it's pride that makes me hide my sorrow
And stepping towards the ledge He is handling the money
Take your colleagues out to dinner, pay your brother to come and sing
You're drinking,
Symbolic of my entire existence,
Since we tripped into this ditch
The price we pay is steep
Miles and miles away
When you turn the screws You turn the screws
But now you've gotta' write them all again. You think she's an open book
It's coming down Well your CD collection looks shiny and costly.
You're never ever ever ever there Ok
You don't know how lucky you are
Seeing only what was bad.
But I don't mind (I don't mind)
People in your world In your world of two
Everything you do. You are mostly in your car,
Ah
(Hey!) Now in darkness world stops turning
We know of an ancient radiation
But I say I want you
Birds fall from the window ledge above mine.
Never lets me go too deep
Right, shut the fuck up yeah, ho, yow
Right now learn to buck up
Take it all away You've been racing through my mind
I'm not feeling that great
What were the chances
My teardrops never see the light of day
Just one mistake is not enough to change my mind What's now is now
And if I could move I'd get my gun and put her in the ground
There's two more dead in Texas and it's probably your girls
I wish I was in that Mercedes Benz
Will never have an end
I was petrified
Yo, shut the fuck up
Like sharpened knives through chicken Mc Nuggets Shut the fuck up
Told me I must have you Strangers in the night
He can make you cry
It would be easy to crash School teachers, beggars, bankers, Congressmen
Now due to a construct in my mind
And you could get away from me
I will survive. I'm writing a song all about you
Do you [Repeat: x2]
Until my dying day I don't know just how to say
Mahna mahna
Is trying to break free
Your feet are dry with the ashes from dead babies
The voice begins to falter and the crowds are getting thin
Meanwhile, Rick James takes her nude
There's no single explanation
Forever and ever, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You twist the knife
Arco Arena She doesn't care whether or not he's an island
We've got to keep this fire burning
Letting go of yet another dirty day Breathing in the fumes from so many idling cars
And let us please remind you
With diligence I have been blessed
I've tires that grab the road
I just walked in to find you here
She'll hang the baskets on the walls
That the airplane leaves behind
Up so close it seems I only think of you.
Take a walk through the jungle
Stargazers didn't see a thing
Two of the most
is what you'd like
Your chaos won't convert them. They're so happy to rebuild it.
He's haunted by something he cannot define
I'll never forget Breathing in the fumes from so many idling cars
End is the only part of the word
I don't want to orbit your world of two There's only room for you
The minutes change likes seasons
Satan laughing spreads his wings
And singing sad, sad songs
Now clever feet that flicker like fire
No phone No phone
Around the busy sports complex Crazy train, daisy chain
As the war machine keeps turning
No phone No phone I just want to be alone today
You'd end up just like me Without the pretty pink ribbon
Flimsy as it is,
You don't even play piano
Keeps coming around the bend
And you told me to get out. Daria, I won't be soothed.
Like to take his place Something keeps him drifting
And how my mint condition could belong to you?
Some people, they call me saint
In his mind, he's still driving, still making the grade She's hoping in time that her memories will fade
they laugh, they make money
My smooth contemplations will always be broken
And, and, and yet they're not satisfied
Oh no, the land of race car ya-yas
Up so close I never get to see the view.
Sing, sing, sing You'll receive the federal funding, you can have a hefty grant
It?s easy to get right next to you
Will eat your children and steel your thunder
I don't wanna, I don't wanna Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh At first I was afraid
Is this love? I don't thing so
Now, you're not welcome anymore
Watching you leave me
It makes me want to Too much
Yes, it's true that I'm not the man I used to be
But she was the sky Oh baby
That at first brings you joy
See the feathers fly No phone No phone I just want to be alone today
I only bit your tongue.
And if you feel at all like me
Do you think it's all just murky green?
So this long line of cars
Someday I know you're gonna find
He is in the music business
She is fast, thorough, and sharp as a tack
Just turn around
But in his mind, he won't be coming back She'll hang the baskets on the walls
Microscope, I might as well be out in space.
And it's all vanity. He tried thrills
Oh Ruby, I still need some company It's hard to love a man whose legs are bent and paralyzed
Alright
Without the room that you live in
Where's the air?
Arco Arena Crazy train, daisy chain
If you want to have cities you've got to build roads.
Making war just for fun
The frenzied pace of the mind inside the cell The man on the street might just as well be
I took it in the first place.
You say you want me
Watching the sun go down Standing in the Alpha Beta parking lot
But if I told the truth I'd have to say... Excuse me, I think I've got a heartache
It's raining outside
Like she'd done one hundred times before.
That haunts dismembered constellations
You say you're all alone,
Will crunch like nuts in the mouths of squirrels
But if you don't, dear, confess
And I shine, I'm freshly minted
Summons me with just one beep
Who crunch like nuts in the mouths of squirrels Now nimble fingers that dance on numbers
But now I hold my head up high. And you'll see me with somebody new.
Call me morbid or absurd
Breathing in the fumes from so many idling cars
And I'm the one who helps you win
But then I spent so many nights
Than somber thoughts of burning planets
Still in love with you
It makes my baby seem so far I need you here with me
We are widening the corridors
To make me feel the way you do I'm never, never gonna give ya up
All alone in her time of need Because he's racing and pacing and plotting the course
I can see that clearly now, every time I look into this
That I heard
Not way over in a bucket seat
I want to love you, love you, love you madly I don't want to hold back, I don't want to slip down
Walk out the door
Let me go let me go
Silk, a bedspread, or a quilt,
No phone no phone
When we said our first hello
I need your understanding
'Cause nobody's going to save us
Yeah
And accept a little gray
And I'll forget what happened then
You've been pushing me around
You're showing me where I can sign
Friend is a four letter word
Keep on, keep on Wherever, wherever girl, I'll do it
I sing in foreign lands
Baby, it's the guitar man When he comes to town
This one
Got to play
Shut the fuck up
A limited edition
Ah, if you want to have cities,
And how much will he pay for a brand new guitar, One which he'll ruthlessly smash at the end of another show?
The minutes change like seasons
It's not that I don't think you are
I've got dues to pay And the gravedigger puts on the forceps
As Long as I know how to love, I know I'll be alive
It's coming down It's coming down
She'll hang the baskets on the walls Clouds hung hugely and oppressively
An old man sits collecting stamps
To find another place to play And night after night, who treats you right?
But unless I get up
Oh Ruby, don't take your love to town
That bounce on his Italian leather sofa
Say it all
You would kill all the sick ones
For someone just like you
I don't wanna
Death and hatred to mankind
I will survive. It took all the strength I had
But he's driving and striving and hugging the turns
They'll tie you and drag you through town
My life will fall,
Is it you or your parents in this income tax bracket? Now tickets to concerts and drinking at clubs
Right now learn to buck up (Shut the fuck)
And wishing you were dead Is this love?
Don't you see it building in the sky?
I'm not that stupid little person
Two lonely people
Cool blue reason I'm just rearranging Hell
The pieces of my broken heart.