The clues they came to you... And if you cut yourself,
Wake me up I'm not like them
Help me know Going my way Jesus, don't want me for a sunbeam
For all the reasons you had to die
She's over-bored and self-assured
Here we are now, entertain us
I'm going to get some plywood and cut them up into two by two piece squares
I got so high that
At night crystal locket
Nothin' really bothers her
I will play the leader
Do the twist (aha)
Paint it with my eyes and make it right Lay down easy, lay it down seamy, sad man
Everybody run -- Bobby's got a gun.
The sun, shine
Mashed potatos and stuff like that
In your own
Your life is over
Than I could steal
Why do they not try to escape?
Makes any difference to what I say The sun shines in the bedroom
It's not mine
Don't expect me to die
Feed me, the wells of comfort
For me
Fight to claim them for their own Wouldn't you believe it
We can share our endorphns
We could plant a house
I'm a negative creep and I'm, and I'm Daddy's little girl ain't a girl no more
Stay away Give an inch, take a smile
All apologies In the sun
This is getting to be
She should have had more time to spend
Oh
Speak, speak the truth What is wrong with me?
Sunday morning is everyday for all I care,
As a friend, as a friend
Distill the life that's inside of me
Half the man I used to be.. Verse 2:
I gazed a gazley stare at all the millions here
What do I think? I think Use just once and destroy
Could you believe who we knew stress or strain
Wait!
Lack of iron and/or sleeping
Mind, I don't have a mind Get away
Stored deep inside me I'm goin' to Hollywood, they'll see that I'm so good
I've been sucking the walls of her anus Marijuana I preferred her to any other Marijuana I was young my an' you were mine.
He'll give you breather holes,
I don't regret a thing I've got this friend, you see
I will crawl away for good I will move away from here
She said I don't care
Starved without your skeleton key I love you for what I am not
That legendary divorce is such a bore As my bones grew they did hurt
Don't expect me to die for thee Don't expect me to cry
She loves him more than he would ever know
Don't you love that I can bite  Straight as an arrow
No thought was put into this
I miss the comfort in being sad And if you save yourself,
Memoria, memoria Come doused in mud, soaked in bleach
To find a way
And just maybe I'm to blame for all I've heard
Can you feel my love buzz? Would you believe me when I do you
Seem more high
All of a sudden my water broke I love you for what I am not
A travel through a tube and end up in your infection
I feel very privileged in debt for my thirst Hold me down in restitution
This is out of our reach and it's grown
I don't mean to stare
Appreciate your concern
Come on over
to ask someone else first
I killed you, I'm not gonna crack We passed upon the stair, we spoke of was and when
So what should I do? The black sheep got
Who needs action when you got words When you're finished with the mop then you can stop
I kicked and screamed, said please don't go Grandma take me home Had to eat my dinner there
Conclusion came to you, ohhh. And if you cut yourself,
Cold heart Yeah She should have stayed away from friends
You would not be writing my death certificate Biting is my friend
I would shiver the whole night through My girl, my girl, where will you go
Conclusion came to you, ohhh... If I had to lose a mile
If you wouldn't mind, I would like to lose
She loves him more than he will ever know
[Incomprehensible], all the sudden
I promise you
And an illustrated book about birds
And she flew away howling on the yellow moon Where do bad folks go when they die?
I get to pet and name her
We don't know anything, my heart
Love gun, love gun
His smell smelled like no other
Buried I wish I was like you
Tell me where did you sleep last night? In the pines, in the pines
Then we'll come down
You won't be afraid of fear
What is what I need
Don't try to lie
Care if it's old I don't mind
Don't you lie, knowing
It's another light I say What alone tonight
Afraid of never knowning fear
In a dream my memory has stored
You'll sweat No place for hidin' baby
And I'm gonna put 'em on a shelf with my 800 dollar a month tax free Century 21
Memoria, memoria
Conclusion came to you, ohhh. You're in a laundry room,
And you get sicker
So what should I do? The finest day
Wish me luck
Pick me pick me yea
Pain
Doll steak, test meat I won my own pet virus
Spring is here again
But I can pretend
Daddy's little girl ain't a girl no more Fuck! Yeah!
He loves her more than he would ever show I am buried up to my neck in
Never say a word again
You will make him happy!
High
It's a years subscription of bad puns.
And have a hangover, have a hangover Skin the sun
Shake me out; TV,
Shop And then I am going to put my Mrs. Butterworth syrup jars on the shelf
I wish I could eat your cancer when you turn black Hey!
I'm so excited, I can't wait to meet you there
I take all the blame
And you'll think you're happy.
In the pines, in the pines
Livin' under house -- Guess I'm livin', I'm a mouse.
He loves her more than he will ever show
Don't expect me to die for thee Jesus, don't want me for a sunbeam
I am not sad
Cut myself on angel hair and baby's breath
I'm so ugly, but that's okay, 'cause so are you
They travel far to keep their stomachs full
I've found my friends
Yeah, you'll have to admit, that I'll be rich as shit
One more day than I can plan
And over again Gun, gun, son of a gun
They whooped him up the hill
This is getting to be like drone
I'm a negative creep and I'm stoned!
Go outside and ride your bike
She said
And all the flowers have gingivitis
Hello, hello, hello With the lights out, it's less dangerous
Things have never been so swell
Now
I'm so ugly, that's okay, 'cause so are you,
My will is good
Girl, I can make you feel
I been looking for days now
You know you're right It's so warm and calm inside
Conservative communist apocalyptic bastard
They make their living off of arts and crafts
Memoria, memoria And I swear that I don't have a gun
Sloppy lips to lips
Gravy, I want my complex back Thank you and good night Ah
I would shiver the whole night through One baby to another says, "I'm lucky to have met you"
Go on alone
The day is done
Daddy's little girl ain't a girl no more
She caught me off my guard
Remained in seclusion
If I do and if I lie,
They never said among them word
I laughed and shook his hand, and made my way back home
Love gun, love gun (repeated several times) Up, up, up and down
I'll just sit and grin, the money will roll right in It's fun to be a star, it's nice to have a car
Fall asleep
My milk is your shit It revolves
Help me I won't find a way, no I'm going there to free my brother
But those were all just guesses, wouldn't help you if they could When I was an alien
Yeah, hey I'm worse at what I do best
To make you a deal
I found it's hard... hard to find
I will never bother you Never speak a word again
It's just my luck No recess
Forever in debt to your priceless advice, your advice, your advice, your advice I'm so happy because today
Without any words
There is nothing I could say
I'm going to go to the beach and I'm gonna collect some shells and driftwood
She should have had another chance Runny nose and runny yolk
Dying with you just
But I'm having fun I think I'm dumb
To write off lines
Well, I'm half the man I used to be
Experience the process
Ain't it a shame She had a moist vagina
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no That's it Until my tensions feed me
Don't know what it means
Leaking out gas fumes are made into perfume To hope is admittance
Turn, turn, turn around
You will think you're happy!
It's hard and boiled
Do it and do it again
Keeps the bitterness close to the heart They lead a lifetime that is comfortable
Stay away I don't know why
I've got some rope
Piece squares and then I'm going to put them onto the pieces of plywood And then I'm going to go to the beach
To prove I still
Let me down, we've been,
They bring out the older ones
I feel stupid and contagious
Drone!
I do pick a number too
Have to have poison skin
They don't go to heaven where the angels fly
Wish me good,
Who like all our pretty songs
'Cause they don't have any feelings Something in the way
You haven't grown
Have a fit (aha)
My dog left me a sand send
Experience credentials
When you go away The sun shines in the bedroom
She should have fallen on her stance
Makes a mental hell
Experience potentials
Don't expect me to cry Don't expect me to die
Keeps her photographs close to her heart
Saw it with my arm
Cause it's biting out what would My milk is your shit
He lives in his bonnet,
And you set it up for returns My opinions. Mmm. Mmm. (x4)
I'd like to but it couldn't work
(I don't know why) Stay
Ain't it a shame to beat your wife on Sunday
You can be the baby Hey
I do
And I say
What do I think? I think Hate, hate your enemies
And then you gonna get sicker than, ah Help me, fucking hoses
Well, I'm half the man I used to be..
It's another light
Throw down your umbilical noose so I can climb right back Hey!
I do, with an ear to lend
I would never promise to
I can't explain just why we lost it from the start
Fucking hungry
When I'm there
Can you feel my love buzz?
Like disco superfly I smell sex and candy here
You better beware Return of the rat
I want some help
Let's get together, we can
A witch like we had thought
The plateau's clean, no dirt to be seen
And I have never failed to fail Pain
I'm on a plain Somewhere I have heard this before
Your life is strange
Then you'll think you're happy. [Chorus] Moderate Rock May day, every day, my day
Your life is not the size of crap
Or aroused
I'm fucking hungry, degrade me
Lost eyesight I'm on your side
Load up on guns, bring your friends
This is out of our reach
She got bit by a dog with a rabid tooth
I'm anemic royalty Give me a Leonard Cohen afterworld
There's talk about someone else
I said minerals will make the world
She'll come back as fire, to burn all the liars,
Ain't it a shame Ain't it a shame to beat your wife on Sunday
(I don't know why)
That I haven't thought before Serve the servants - oh no
Rays in his pocket,
Keeps his cigarettes close to his heart
Maybe she would like some food
But his body never was found My girl, my girl, don't lie to me,
Smell her on you Don't, tell me what I wanna hear
I think I should get off her first
They'll take me with them Dimension seven
I'm gonna die
Your enemy you were, my an' I was young.
You know you're right Congratulations you have won
Hey, hey, hey I'm so lonely but that's okay I shaved my head
He loves her more than he would ever show Keeps his cigarettes close to his heart
I'll kiss your open sores
Won't see 'em again till the fourth of July Now the people cry and the people moan
Cry
You've taught me everything without a poison apple
I'm ashamed I sense others in the room
Wish away
I've been locked inside your heart-shaped box for weeks
Sunbeams are never made like me Don't expect me to cry,
Let me take a ride
Don't expect me to cry
White lights, really inside
And I'm living off of grass
And she's just as bored as me
The results are always perfect
Won't you spank through?
And you get sicker than another little pecker
If I had to touch feelings
Mind, don't have a mind Get away
Dive in me Kiss this, kiss that yea
I do My girl, my girl, don't lie to me,
Married
Now I'm bored and old
and always will until the end
Invasion of our piracy
I would shiver the whole night through Her husband, was a hard working man
And look at what you've done
I would shiver the whole night through Rape me, rape me my friend
More than they have sold If she floats than she is not
And they cock and twist and masturbate I said so
Plywood and burlap Many a hand has scaled the grand old face of the plateau
Conclusion came to you, ohhh. And if you fool yourself,
I've got a new complaint
Don't feel guilty, master writing Somebody said that they're not much like I am
And I say yeah I'm not like them
Feelin' uninspired -- Think I'll start a fire.
I will never promise to
Don't cut yourself
They hung him on the cross
Find, find your place
She's overbored self assured
Like double cherry pie
Yeah, yeah,
Ain't it a shame to have a drink on Sunday
If you wouldn't care, I would like to leave
Opie, Aunt Bee, I presume
And you'll think you're happy... now! You're in a laundry room,
It's so relaxing to hear you're asking wherever you get your way
What else should I be
Your life is hell
It evolves
Biting ass a lie friend
I'm ashamed
While the angels and the devils
Fashion shits, fashion stile
So I can sigh eternally
Until it's fucking gone I've got this friend, you see
I would shiver the whole night through My girl, my girl, don't lie to me
Can you feel my love buzz? And if you save yourself,
Is the whole fleece shun in master?
And I wanted more
That I ever had
I'm not the only one Hate me
A denial, a denial, a denial, a denial What else should I be
To beautify the foothills and shake the many hands There's nothing on the top but a bucket and a mop
And there seems to be a problem here.
As a trend, as a friend
From my mouth to yours
Looking for company I will never bother you
Vacuum out the fluids
What do I think? I think Oh
It's just my luck
You better confess Return of the rat
Molly's lips
If I may and if I might,
She keeps it pumpin' strait in my heart. If you wouldn't mind, I would like it blew
Now you know I'm needy
And the little light in the trees
I'd like to but it wouldn't work
I know it's wrong
I can mold it I can cut it I can taste it I can spank it
You could be my hero Pick me, pick me yea
You're in high school again You're in high school again
To make it unclear
Forever in debt to your priceless advice
The family circle noose
And that's old news Would you like to hear my voice
Dive in me Portray sincerity
Oh no, not me
And then I'm done
'Cause I've found god
And you set it up for returns They lead a lifetime that is comfortable
I only have to do it
Then you will seem happy.
I want my complex back A wicked man
Our little group has always been
Was when I learned
If I may,
And I My milk is your shit
Yeah, there she was
I would shiver the whole night through My girl, my girl, where will you go?
Message to go
I'm gonna open myself up a flea market
Ecto-plasma
I'm a negative creep
Love you so much
He had removed us
Don't ever ask your love of me [Repeat x2]
Watching out for me
Cold heart
But I'm having fun My girl, my girl, don't lie to me
I don't care
I found it hard, it's hard to find
And the birds fly happily
And the animals I've trapped
My It's mad enough tonight
Obituary birthday
Reproductive glands He's the one
Rape me, my friend
I miss you, I'm not gonna crack
One at Salem's lot Serve the servants - oh no
What else could I write
She said, good! Where do bad folks go when they die?
Dive
Leave in me this
I had better wait Just because you're paranoid
He was born scentless and senseless
Away, away from your home I'm afraid
This is out of our range
Even have some time
Experience the process People freaking every day
What they said was real -- Makes me wanna steal.
I need you back oh baby baby
But I'm not sure
I'll be a gambler, baby
No I don't have a gun Memoria, memoria She eyes me like a Pisces when I am weak
You rise and fall like wall street stock
One more day to free my brother
Not straight, not so straight
I'm a negative creep and I'm and I'm Daddy's little girl ain't a girl no more
Free I'm standing in your line
Hey!
In your own language please Shake it down easy, make it sound seamy, doll man
I'm gonna empty out all of my Mrs. Butterworth jars
I'll arrest myself
With,the lights,out it's less dangerous
Pass it back and forth in a passionate kiss
The sun is gone
Then you'll make him happy...
The kind with seashells, driftwood and burlap
Hell
With the man who sold the world
Lay down easy, lay it down seamy, sad man You don't want to hear this
No, no, no, no, no, no, no You better confess
You'll wish that you did, you'll feel pretty stupid
Chains mowing life from trees. Do Re Mi.
Time is today
I'm ashamed Ain't it a shame to go fishin on a Sunday
You're the queen of my heart
I think she wants some water
You're face to face
Our favorite patient,
Steamed hot towel on my face I'm ashamed
The choice is yours, don't be late
Cultures weren't opinions Gotta find a way
Act out of loyalty
I love what you've got
We're together once again my love
Broke our mirrors
Wake me up, see me,
Wouldn't you believe it
It is now my duty to completely drain you
Am I deep? Do Re Mi. I really love you baby
Mama, this surely is a dream, yeah
We could have all three
Oh yeah I guess it makes me smile
I killed you, I'm not gonna crack I'm so happy 'cause today
White lights, sitting inside
My milk is your shit
Floyd observes my hairy chin
Paint it with my heart
But his body never was found My girl, my girl, don't lie to me
My shit is her milk Doll steak, test meat
Who makes me feel
Defend your true country
I don't know why Stay
I will never bother you
I'm afraid
Now...
You know you're right
I don't think you fit this shoe
With the man who sold the world Polly wants a cracker
I was a rised
Into the sky
You pull the trigger of my
In platform double suede
We can plant a house
They make a deal when they come to town
A chase would be nice for a few It isn't me
I miss the comfort in being sad
Rays from his wallet,
I can't complain
One more quirky cliche'd phrase
I always knew it'd come to this
All apologies
When you go away She said
Picked off the scabs and fed them to the pigeons
And fine
Mayday mayday
On the zip code Love myself
I woke up in my mother's arms Grandma take me home
My milk is piss
She pushed food through the door
And I had so much time
I'm not the only one
And mend it with you
Than another little pecker
Dive in me
No, no, no, no Return of the rat
Double-sided cynics
I do hope you have the time
If I may cold as ice,
Okay No place for hidin' baby
Help me I won't find a way, brother He's the friend to revive
If I might,
She'd take me anywhere
Then you'll make him happy.
And insane
Lay them down easy Talk to me
A denial, a denial, a denial, a denial, a denial
To put out the blow torch It isn't me
Pain Underneath the bridge
Soothe the burn
What is wrong with me?
And I crawl towards the crack of light
Yeah
I never lost control
Out of the sky
She should have worn the crown of thorns She should have been a son She should have stood out in the crowd
Gotta find a way
I'm not the only one My favorite inside source
Don't expect me to die for me I would never bother you
Your scent is still here in my place of recovery It's an odd alliance
You ene... You rang
Try to ride along
Ain't it a shame Ain't it a shame to have a drink on Sunday
And sour all again
Self-appointed judges judge
No recess Wouldn't you believe it
Who's that casting devious stares in my direction?
And leave a blanket of ash on the ground
Free I need an easy friend
In your own language please I am my own parasite
His head was found in a driving wheel
Oh well, whatever, never mind Hello, hello, hello, how low
I'll just sit and grin, the money will roll right in I would give you some, if you only would have treated me nice
And I had too much caffeine
I'm worse at what I do best
Help him, he is so cornered
And I'll just sit and grin, the money will roll right in Teenage angst has paid off well
Bland boring plain Hold me down in restitution
I sink and then some Slippery pessimist hypocrite master
And you'll think you're happy...
I like you Somebody finally freed my brother
At night disco god. I was young my an' you were mine.
Save, save your friends
And he likes to shoot his gun
In the sun I feel as one
When I will never have a friend
Stoned! Daddy's little girl ain't a girl no more
I take pride as the kind of illiterature
And they look for a dry place to call their home
He's the one
Buried Hangin' 'round downtown by myself
So don't try
I still haven't had my fulfill In the someday what's that sound? Broken heart and broken bones
Sometimes I can't find my way
You're in high school again
It's so soothing to know that you'll sue me, this is starting to sound the same
Newspapers spread around
As long as I stayed clean
She's made out of wood
Keep the bitterness close to the heart They lead a lifetime that is comfortable
I am not silly
And I forget just why I taste
Every wet nurse refused to feed him
And you had an affect on our happy talk. Our opinions. Mmm. Mmm. (x2)
My whole expanse I cannot see
Soaking all that they can
Kill him, your mercy whore will Like the fucking resume
First off
I do won't you have a clue I'll take advantage while
When we play
I have never failed to fail Pain
Free
Throw it out and keep it in
I'm very ape and very nice If you ever need anything please don't hesitate
But I can't see you every night
Steaming soup against her mouth
Talk to me
Protector of the kennel
Although I wasn't there, he said I was his friend
But he don't know what it means
Thank you dear God for putting me on this earth
I've found my friends,
I can't complain This is out of our reach
I'm on a plain
Her milk is my shit
Then I'm going to get some burlap and I'm going to cut them into two by two
She says oh Like most babies smell like butter
We get together, mama
I searched for form and land, for years and years I roamed
Yeah mama, this surely is a dream, yeah Come as you are, as you were
You hang me out to dry
Don't quote me on that Love myself
I said so
Take time with a wounded hand -- Cause I like to steal
Get hot
Graze me, really hungry
Bet it all tonight Listen I have been banging away
A mulatto, an albino, a mosquito, my libido
Ghostly image of fear
Choking on the ashes of her enemy In the sun
Experience anything you need
Gotta gun to bleed,
Lesson learned
I will never follow you
I want my gun back Like the fucking resume
Your life is now
He hung his head and died
I've been tickling the circumference
You ene... At night the wishfull godess
My enemy you were, my an' I was young.
I'm going where the cold wind blows
I had better wait
Sunbeams are never made like me
That don't make a sense Love myself
I do, won't you have a clue I'll take advantage while
Or a rose
What do I think? I think Nothing to do with what you think
The ways in his socket,
No thought was put in to this
If you wouldn't mind, I would like to breath Is there another reason for your stain
Fine line
Then you'll think you're happy...
Make enough of the words for you to follow along
CI don't know why)
To please myself I need an easy friend
It amazes me, the will of instinct It isn't me
At night disco god. Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
We don't have to breed
Nothin' but a whore
Finally he appeared unexpectedly
No more tomorrow, baby
Use just once and destroy
I don't even care
They'll go out of their way
Have all become my pets
And all I know are dirty words
We never lost control
He was born a scentless apprentice Go away - get away, get away, get a-way
I had better wait Never met a wise man
To please myself Polly said Polly says her back hurts
(Alt: Think about some capsules of horse pills)
Into the dirt Jesus, don't want me for a sunbeam
Oh well whatever never mind
If so it's a woman Gotta find a way
I die smothered in Andy's clutch I'm ashamed
I like you, you, you, you, you, you One baby to another says, "I'm lucky to have met you"
Don't ever ask your love of me Don't expect me to cry
Daddy, exploring only Like the fucking resume
I'm on a plain My mother died
Who knows? Not me
You're gonna stink and burn Rape me, rape me my friend
Forward yesterday -- Makes me wanna stay.
Daddy's little girl ain't a girl no more Truth covered in security
They take turns and cut me up
We'll float around
So what should I do? One more special
If we did not have chemicals
And forests have never grown
And it makes your story our concern
Instead I hide I've been here for my friends
Yeah mama, this surely is a dream, [dig it]
Let me clip
Find me out see me,
It's safe to say
His silence setting up around And she improvised
When I can love you
We all want something fair, my heart Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Out of town, out of sight, is my heart
You ene... At night wishfull godess
Your state of emotion seems to clear.
Half the man I used to be.. Sell the kids for food
The face from his moment,
It's fun to lose and to pretend
The Sunday swap meet is a battle ground
Towards anti-social Standing on the stairs
Forever in debt to your priceless advice, your advice She eyes me like a Pisces when I am weak
For me If I may,
I always knew to come like this Things have never been so swell
Even if my eyes
I'm anemic royalty I'm on warm milk and laxatives
A good hosing down The lady whom I feel maternal love for
Dive in me Dive
I'll just sit and grin, the money will roll right in I want to be a star, I'm going to have a car
I don't care what you think unless it is about me
Well they better confess
Trading off and taking turns
I would lose my soul
I'm ashamed Barney ties me to the chair
Which came as some surprise I spoke into his eyes
Sunbeams are not made like me Don't expect me to cry
Bruises on the fruit
In her false withness, we hope you're still with us,
A better way
Lay down the bet
No recess You're in high school again
Sit down chair, don't be afraid
No place to run
Help me until my tensions
Tender age in bloom He's the one
I know I can
And she was supervised
Round, round, round about
Sterling silver begins to melt
Hello and if I sigh,
As defense I'm neutered and spayed
Let?s talk about someone else
Stay away Monkey See, monkey do
They go down to the lake of fire and fry
Tell me where did you sleep last night
She should have made her mother proud
If I say what is life,
A face from his pocket,
You're my vitamins
You're in high school again No recess
I'm so tired I can't sleep
And he likes to sing along
I've seen it all I was here first Out of the ground
You better beware
To see if they float or drown
We could build a tree
Stored deep inside me If I had to lose a mile
I may have too see me,
I see others just like me
Everyone is waiting
Get away
Bull
They whooped him up the hill for me
You know you're right I'm so warm and calm inside
Defect defect
Find me out, see me,
Nah
Your life is mine
The raining always starts
And you're gonna wish that you did
Atleast, atleast yea
We've broken our mirrors
My heart is broke
I'd rather be deal than cool
Ain't it a shame
I do think you fit this shoe
I tried hard to have a father
Sunburn, freezer burn
Overdo it
Just about a mile from here
Chains from his armor,
You can cough on me again
Feed before beginning
If she comes down now Oh
You're in a laundry room,
Could've had a heart attack, my heart
Angel left wing, right wing, broken wing
But I don't care
To wear my libido
Or maybe just happy
She should have died when she was born
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah Shake it down easy, shake it down sleazy, come on
Without my libido
Kiss kiss Jesus, don't want me for a sunbeam
Ever we want
We feed off of each other
Shit
At sight a fish full of garbage
For the next few days
Take time with a wounded hand -- Cause it likes to heal
Better than you
Live alone, lone single
I am not chippin' away Talk to me
To cry on command Love myself
Always hearing the same ol' city boy
She looks so good
Friends don't mean a thing -- Guess I'll leave it up to me. Chorus:
Hello, hello, hello, how low
I can make you do things you won't think you ever could Hey, I just wanted to know.
The chains from his socket, Do Re Mi.
Without new rules
Said night time
Don't mean they're not after you Gotta find a way
One more at the door of my heart Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Mean heart
Gonna leave this region
Beat me out of me (beat it, beat it)
Baby, suddenly find her
You're in a laundry room.
Nirvana, nirvana, nirvana, nirvana Black windows of paint
When you go away Up, up, up and down
Hey, hey, hey I like it, I'm not gonna crack
Hit me, hit me yea
You will think you're happy.
I'm going to hell
Forgot to put
Invented at your birth? I can't see the end of me
Yeah mama, this surely is a dream, [dig it] Hangin' 'round downtown by myself
Everything's my fault
Ends safe from you
If you ever think at all
Ain't it a shame to go fishin on a Sunday
a denial
To please myself
In the sun
And then there she was
There are countless formulas for pressing flowers I lie in the soll and fertilize mushrooms
And I say yeah We can have some more
Then you'll think you're happy... now! You're in a laundry room,
Afterbirth of a nation
No recess I'm on my time with everyone
With all the love I got
And I can go home Love myself
I scratched 'til I bled Love myself
Holy ghosts and talk show hosts are planted in the sand
Follow hate and be me,
A down payment on another
No I don't have a gun Memoria, memoria
Oh yeah, I guess it makes me smile
Then you will seem happy...
I have very bad posture Sit and drink Pennyroyal Tea
Hello hello hello how low
Beat it
Think you're kinda neat -- Then she tells me I'm a creep.
What do I think? I think What is wrong with me?
Well I never
I don't mind
You will make him happy.
Don't expect me to die for me Jesus, don't want me for a sunbeam
Electrolytes smell like semen I promise not to sell your perfumed secrets
Smell her on you Truth covered in security
Living out your date with fusion
I travel through a tube and end up in your infection
Exhume me
a denial Verse 1:
No I can't see you every night
Then you'll think you're happy.
Every night
Stay away
To find it with you just
Reflected image
To find where you are
All's I gots is time -- Got no meaning, just a rhyme. Chorus:
Aqua seafoam shame
Blanket acne'd with cigarette burns
I won't care how I feel, and I'll get to fuck Brooke Shields
A cleaning is due again
And I'm not sad
Look on the bright side is suicide
I'm gonna try
Speak at once while taking turns What is wrong with me?
Think I'm just happy
Yeah, hey, yeh And I forget just why I taste
I no longer have to hide
Some said it was in Greenland and some in Mexico
Cherry-flavored antacids Sit and drink Pennyroyal Tea
Where the sun will never shine
When you got Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
What else could I say
If I may just be quiet,
Floyd breathes hard, I hear a zip
I'm going to die
I'm too busy acting like I'm not naive.
As long as she stays with me
Cold, cold morning
Here we are now entertain us
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Well you better watch out
Every line ends in rhyme
And you'll have to admit, I'll be rich as shit
A display of patience, disease-covered Puget Sound
At night mouth of almounds
Even if you have a cold still
The soul is cheap
Everyone is gay
To learn from who
I'm a healthy student
Reject reject
I'm a liar and a thief Sit and drink Pennyroyal Tea
I'm real good at hitting Hey
Even if you need
Do you like me?
Your dirty wings
In your own language, please
And I'm not scared
Ummmmm
They still, smell her on you
We must have died along, a long long time ago
Nothing really bothers her
I scratched with my nails
You ene... At night she was so modest