You can't fool the youths, yeah And you said he was a very great man The stone that the builder refuse
That I, that I
They la very much all the time So much things to say, rumor about
To cast away the fears, forever, yeah (We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever
Well, yes, you, bilyabong (it's you)
But your love is my relief
Anything can happen You see men sailing on their ego trips
Well, everywhere is war
Whoo-oo Ganja gun Smoke'a de ganja every day
I'm pleadin' to mankind (one love)
When you put your loving arms around me (arms around me),
Is of no more significance than the color of his eyes
Love your brotherman
And the life that I live?
And I know that talk is cheap
We'll never be blue
When every Christmas comes around
Through these lonely heartaches and pain That's all remain all remain
I wanna jam it with you
"'Cause every little thing gonna be all right." Singin': "Don't worry about a thing,
Troddin' through the land, yea, yea Said he was a Buffalo Soldier
Bread and pyaka, cut down pyaka-ism Everything ya run dung 'pon (x4) Come, we go reason now
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Oh, I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
People running like a masquerade
Little darlin', stir it up! Stick with me, baby!
The way you love-a me, huh! It's all right!
Rat race! Some a-chicken, some a-scatter
(You want come cold I up) and I don't do that
Got to take it easy, easy skanking
You don't know who to trust
I hope you like jammin' too [Bob Marley]
To all the people we meet
But it's just another illusion
And a palace and everything, yeah
Though I know it's impossible
You got the horse race
Make it much easier (just a little bit easier) Say you just can't live that negative way
And if night should turn to day
To hammer them down (I need a rammer) I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
Bread is for man to eat (let man eat bread)
I wanna give you some good, good loving (yeah uh-uh) Loving you is a like a song I replay
And then you give us the teachings of his majesty
I am happy inside all - all of the time. When we (bend) bend a new corner,
I want, I want, I want to jam with you now
Sayin', "Let's get together and feel all right
Until the color of a man's skin
Your recipe is, darlin' is so tasty
I saying Cok-cok-cok (Cok-cok-cok)
But when you worry
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? You chuck it down that one,
Troddin' through Jamaica, a Buffalo Soldier
(Dread, dread) I'll walk (it dread, dread)
On the hillside
you chuck it down this one,
We can carry on, we can carry on. And there is people like you, people like me
In the government yard in Trenchtown,
Sub-human bondage
A hungry mob is a angry mob
Oh, oh, oh, caution, the road is wet
Every morning I get up, I sip my cup;
I a man Iration, yeah, Irie ites
Cluck-cluck-cluck Oh, please don't you rock my boat (don't rock my boat)
Oh, them teach to love one another. Man, go! Dem a rum - come - come wid a gravalicious;
Coming in (coming in), coming in (coming in)
And then I'm gonna say Cok-cok-cok (Cok-cok-cok)
I say, oh little oh little darling, don't shed no tears,
no more sweet talk from-a pulpit,
Skanky take it easy, skanking it slow
Come on and stir it up, wo-o-a!
Exodus, movement of Jah people, oh, yeah Yeah-yeah-yeah, well
Jah rastafari!
I'd like to do the same thing twice;
(Movement of Jah people) send us another brother Moses
Coming in from the cold It's you, you, you I'm talking
I'm telling you the other day,
The dream of lasting peace,
We know when we understand
Whoa, child! Can't you see? You must believe me!
Oh oh oh baby c'mon You know I need you so,
Crazy motherfunky When it wet it slippery, yeah
Every need got an ego to feed She loves to model up in the latest fashion (oo-bee doo-be doo)
And you said he was a very great man So, you can't blame the youths, when they don't learn
Positive vibration, yeah, positive If you get down and you quarrel everyday
It's your love that I'm waiting on (I don't wanna)
Ever-living, ever-feareful, ever-sure
Honey for my strong drink
We no want no devil philosophy, can you hear?
But the stone that the builder refuse
(how quick they had to part) Dideh part, yes, they part
(No want you fe galang so) scaba-dip, scaba
All soldiers of war steadily ignore
Treated like stank manure
(Trench Town Rock) I never let the children cry
Let's get together and feel all right Life is for man to live (let man live life)
The stars shine so bright,
I want to love you, every day and every night
And that the cow jumped over moon
I like it (I like it like this), I like it like this
Win the war for America
Some say it's just a part of it
Say something rockers, rockers
(you feel no pain)
What life is really worth
Dub-a wise (wise),
Let's get together and feel all right.
Is the love I can't resist
"'Cause every little thing gonna be alright Singin' don't worry about a thing
Lord, they're coming after me (Now, listen) I've got two boys and a woman
Hope you like jammin', too We're jammin', we're jammin'
In this here rat race
So shall it be in the end (one heart)
Ew, you I'm talking to now
Rich and poor, they start a cry
Riding through the calm (go there, go there)
Every three minutes and thirty seconds of every day (uh, uh)
That's the way it's going to be, if you don't know
One cup of coffee, then I'll go;
So very, so very, so very
This is your chance, oh big, big Bill bull-bucka
Hit me with music, now, wo now
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
Oh, Calling duppy conqueror
Look so sad and forsaken?
And other wise (wise)
Many more will have to die
And pull your window curtain
Hope you like jammin' to [Repeats] [MC Lyte]
Really sing I shot the sheriff
Jammin' till the jam is through We're jammin'
Everywhere this fire is burning,
Dancin' to the reggae rhythm,
Every day (we got to keep on fighting), every day
For the life of a deputy
Soul adventurer, night and day
Can't criticize (-cize) our smile. (In Jamaica) You're gonna smile!
Hit me with music now
Rise and take your stance again
But spiritual wickedness in 'igh and low places
Won't you rock wid me? A long - long - long - long time we no have no nice time: Thank ya, thank ya, babe!
Take it easy, easy skanking
Without regard to race
So when the Man comes there will be no, no doom (One Song!).
Oh God I gotta take a lift
Baby, but you just won't let me, yeah!
Some are budgies, some are bats
And I want you to know right now
There is so much trouble, (So much trouble in the world)
Movement of Jah people, oh oh oh, yeah Men and people will fight ya down (tell me why)
(Come rub it 'pon me belly)
(Na, na, na, na)
Oh, Lord! (One Heart) Wo-ooh! Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right;
She loves to smoke, sometime shiftin' coke
Oh, darling, darling, I'm callin', callin'
I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
Down through my life, yeah (yes, how quick they had to part)
(calling, calling, calling, calling) When I meet you around the corner,
Could you be loved, wo now, and be loved? (The road of life is rocky and you may stumble too
(I like it like this, I like it like this),
We're jammin'
This fire (fire), a yaga y'all! ride, natty, ride!
People say I'm a rebel, let them talk,
Million miles from reality
Come along way but we're still not there yet [Bob Marley]
Go there, dready, go there!
Hip-Hop is life but it ain't all to me
So they build their world in great confusion
Unite for the benefit (Africa unite) of your people!
There is one question I'd really love to ask (one heart)
All right!
To see the unification of all Africans, yeah
Do you hear them lippy
We can trash this ourselves!
Man will fly away home No, woman, no cry,
They got so much things to say right now
Said, I see you're having fun,
Know your destiny
We're going to our Father lan Two, three, four exodus, movement of Jah people, oh, yeah
He is nowhere to be found From Mandeville to Sligoville, coffin running around
There's a natural mystic
And then Georgie would make the fire lights,
no more sweet talk from-a grimepit (wo-ah yeah),
While some a dem (some a dem, some a dem) out deh, eh I bus dem shut right now
You know that I love you Groovin' Here I am,
Say something reggae, reggae
You chuck it down ya mother,
On time, on time (word)
So don't treat me like a puppet on a string
Will always be the head cornerstone Here I am baby
And ya chuck it down ya siter,
One more thing I'd like to say right here
So feel this drumbeat
Oh, I said, "Baby, never let me be a loner",
So now we see the light (what you gonna do?)
(Rat race!) Some a-lawful, some a-bastard, some a-jacket
Babylon, you throne gone down" And I hear the angel with the seven seals say
To all the questions they ask
Simmer down, like you never did before
So go to hell if what you're thinking is not right
I got this message for you, girl
To think that jammin' was a thing of the past
One cup of coffee, then I'll go.
Forget your troubles and dance
Playin' a riddim,
(But you can't come cold I up) I look da now
Good over evil, yeah
Every time I plant a seed
Want you to know ya,
As it's been said already, let it be done
Skanking take it easy, taking it slow Tell you what, herb for my wine
Love was at your first sight
(You feel no pain)
Babylon throne gone down" I say fly away home to Zion (fly away home)
I and I are the roots In this life, in this life, in this life
Can you, can you, can you understand Sun is shining, the weather is sweet now
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall! De heathen back yeah, 'pon de wall!
You can smoke'a de ganja in a big fat bowl or you can smoke'a de ganja in a bong
Don't give up the fight (yeah) We sick an' tired of-a your ism-skism game
In the victory Of good over evil
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? Nobody hit ya over Break,
And we're making the one stop
Come on and tell the children the truth 'Cause, 'cause we've been trodding on ya winepress much too long
Simmer down, simmer, simmer down
Hear the children crying (One heart)
And I want you to know right now (uh)
We be jammin' in the name of the Lord sweet Allah
So dry your tears, I seh. No, woman, no cry,
Who is Mr. Brown? I wanna know now
I've been created for
Rat race
Whoo-oo Ganja gun (vocal solo) Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Hear what I say! Stone that the builder refuse
Heaven is under the earth
With a transplanted heart, yes, how (quick they have to part)
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right! /fadeout/ Here is a little song I wrote
Stir it up, baby!
(calling, calling, calling, calling). Satisfy my soul, satisfy my soul, satisfy my soul, satisfy my soul:
With a little sacrifice
So shall it be in the end (One Heart!),
When you show and stir your pot So, stir it up, oh!
It's potion like this ocean that might carry me
Stand up for your rights (stand up for our rights)
I make you happy
Just to see, the girls at play
Take your chance, prove yourself, oh, yeah Down in parade
Oh Holy Mount Zion
There is one question I'd really love to ask (One Heart!):
That was a moment I'll never will forget
Will remain in but a fleeting illusion to be pursued,
All you've got to do is give a little (Give a little)
Get up, stand up (in the morning, git it up)
Lord, they're coming after me Now, maybe someday I'll find a piece of land
If you're not ready for judgement. Woah oh oh! The road of life is rocking
While we stand aside and look?
I'm a capturer, that's what they say,
Ya chuck it down a brother,
Don't bring everybody down like this
There she goes and now my teardrops start And here I go once again
Songs of freedom I want to love you
Some a gorgon-a, some a hooligan-a, some a guine-gog-a
I need your company, yeah!
Oh, darling, darling, I'm callin', callin':
Easy skanking, skanking it slow
Or even rearrange ya, oh, no
When you smoke it in a bong, you are baked all night long Mista... Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Hit me with music, 'arder, brutalize me!
For we still got time to rap,
Dry for dry-land tourist;
Like a guava jelly) Verse 2
So while you talk about me
And we filling the gap
'Cause I love you
(Coming in) from the from the cold So much trouble in the world
Inthis man maniac downpression
I am, a builder's stone!
But if you know what life is worth
(Trench Town Rock) don't turn your back!
we're jammin' [Repeats]
(We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever, yes, yes, we'll be forever
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na;
'Cause I want to jam it with you
Little darlin', stir it up, stir it, stir it, stir it, stir it,stir it Simmer down, you lickin' too hot, so
Come on and tell the children the truth
But they`re fading after dawn
We're jammin', we're jammin'
Come on and stir it up, oh-ah!
I've got work to do
South Africa
(Hit me with music) oh hurt me (hit me with music)
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright
Now feel this drumbeat
Get up, stand up
One day the bottom will drop out
Love you - love you, baby, so much.
And there's nowhere for you to turn,
Only the birds have their wings, yeah!
We're jammin', jammin', jammin', jammin'
And kissed them while they slept;
And ere I go once again
A lot of people will run away And who the cap fit
Oh, what a new day Pickin' up?
My heart says follow t'rough
The stone that dem builder refuse
No, woman, no cry,
Everything's gonna be all right! So, no woman, no cry,
Stand firm and give Jah thanks and praises
To hammer them down Wee, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
And I've got work to do.
Cut down pyaka-ism
And he's got to fulfill that mission
(Pimper's paradise) don't lose track, don't lose track of yourself, oh no
Now where would we be if they take our mics from we.
Are you satisfied with the life you're living?
'Cause all I ever have
Everything is all right
And then you hold me tight, you make me feel all right.
(Trench Town Rock) got no stacks on no shelves
Hear the children cryin' (One Love!);
Well, why do you look so, look so, look so sad
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh! Man, go! One cup of coffee, then I'll go;
There ain't no sunshine when she's gone Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was, oh-ho-ho-ho-ho
Every need got an ego to feed
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right."
Unite for it's later (Africa unite) than you think!
Try me If you need satisfaction
We can do it anyhow
Neither can be bought nor sold
Don't give up the fight We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight!
This fire (fire), this fire (fire)
She's in the scramble and she moves with passion (oo-bee doo-be doo)
No, woman, no cry. No woman, no woman, no woman, no cry
As it was in the beginning (One Love!);
You came walking through the pale,
(In Jamaica) Get it together, right now!
For the fire
We're chuckin' to JAH music, we're chuckin' Chuckin'
Ridin' through the storm,
Lord, I've got to keep on moving
Every little action (satisfy my soul),
Oh, let your love come shining in
Got to survive
(But you can't come cold I up)
I want to love you, every day and every night We'll be together, with a roof right over our heads
Asking for Mr. Brown I wanna know who ooh
At that soul shakedown party tonight
Say something, come on
Can't keep them down
Get up, stand up, don't give up the fight Most people think
Singin' don't worry about a thing, oh no
Take it easy skanking
Oh, now soon their (pimper's paradise) soon their heads, soon their
Now you are here (stir it, stir it, stir it together), I said
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? Your too bad,
Skankiness if they had never known
And my queen will come at dawn
I want to love you, and treat you right
Said, I stir it together (stir it, stir it, stir it together)
(Groovin') it's Kingston twelve
I'll give you love
Exodus, all right
He was aiming to shoot I down
(how quick) Oh (part), oh yeah African herbsman, seize your time
Good God, look a-here now (you feel no pain) uh!
Then behind them su-su 'pon you (su-su 'pon you)
Simmer down. Chicken Mary, hawk de near and when him de near, you must beware, so
De heathen back, yeah O-ooh, yea-ah, Wo-yoy! Wo-yoy! Wo-yoy! Wo-yoy-yoy-yoy!
N' If ya' very lucky you can smoke it in a bong
And I still can knock some more
The African continent
Just concentrate, 'cause heaven lives on
Fi get it
(Groovin') wo-wo-wo-wo, it's Kingston twelve
Take it easy shanking Excuse me while I light my spliff
There is so much trouble (So much in the world)
We are the children of the Rastaman
Upsetting, upsetting, upsetting the town
(Trench Town Rock) I, everyone know now
But I didn't shoot the deputy
Redemption songs Emancipate yourself from mental slavery
The harmonies possess a sensation similar to your caress (uh)
Such a natural mystic
All you got to do, baby, (oh-oh-oh-oh)
Doing the outside dance
Don't you pick and refuse me, listen
You got the human race
You can fool some people sometimes
For life is worth much more than gold We're jammin', jammin', jammin', jammin'
I won't tell no lie
Got to rebel, y'all (rebel)
No soldier man will give ya a break,
Listen to what I say
I'd like to do the same thing twice.
The stone that the builder refuse
Oh little little darling, please don't shed no tears,
A you forgive us the teachings of his majesty
Movement of Jah people Move, move, move, move, move, move, move Jah come to break down pression
Oh now! (takin' for granted) Lord, Lord You can't blame the youths
Go there, dready, go there! Tell you what now the people gather on the beach
Pull your rights from wrong
We'll be together, with a roof right over our heads
Stock on the shelf, oh oh
We neither beg nor we won't bow
Tell the children the truth
And forever (we'll be forever loving Jah) there'll be no end So, old man river
Someone else is judging you.
Me say war War in the east
Mr. Brown is a clown who rides through town in a coffin
Me say de Babylon system is the vampire, falling empire,
As it beats within
Ste-na-peh na-na po po-ro po! Africa unite
So keep it steady, like this. (I like it like this)
Oh stages, stages, stages they put us through
Simmer down, oh simmer, simmer down
Soul rebel, rebel at midday time One, two, three I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
Who are you to judge me
You got to do better than that ('cause ah) When it wet it slippery (when it wet it slippery, yeha)
With a transplanted heart (yes, how quick they had to part)
Exodus, oh, yeah
Don't leave another cornerstone standing there behind
Baby baby oh darling, c'mon
But the dreadies understandin' that it's too late
Don't tell no lie
Said he was a very great man You teach the youths about Christopher Columbus
You came walking through the p-p-pale, p-p-pale,
Natty keep on comin' through
What more can I do?
I'm takin' losers down through my life
Bread and pyaka, cut down pyaka-ism
'Cause the children (Africa unite) wanna come home, yeah
I want to know, want to know, want to know now Is this love, is this love, is this love
Sayin', "This is my message to you-ou-ou:" Singin': "Don't worry about a thing, worry about a thing, oh!
We gonna smoke'a de ganja until the very end. Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Oh, no, no
Said he was a Buffalo Soldier
When you think it's peace and safety
Let me tell ya this generation gap
(No, no, no)
Said he was fighting on arrival
(Oh, what a rat race!)
Triumphantly Won't you help to sing
Me say war That until there no longer
Roots Natty
Can you, understand I'm crying
Bread and pyaka
Oh, brothers, you should know and not believe
World citizenship
These songs of freedom?
And we're grooving to our Father's land How good and how pleasant it would be
Baby Why don't, stop your cryin'
See the struggle i must,
(Pimper's paradise) don't be just a stock, a stock on the shelf
'Cause all of your best friends have let you down, do-o-own.
(No, dread, no) no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Since I've got you on my mind (oh-oh-oh-oh) Oh-oh!
Pale, pale moonlight Do you remember that first night we met?
Many more is open? Well, would you let the system get on top of your head again?
Jah sitteth in Mount Zion and rules all creation
And this house just ain't no home
Yeah, they got so much things to say Hey, but I and I, I and I nah come to fight flesh and blood
We're coming in, we're coming in (coming in)
Fire is burning
Eh, now she is bluesing when there ain't no blues Wooh, a pimper's paradise, that's all she was now
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright, I won't worry
Long time people dem used to say
War up north
Only the fittest of the fittest shall survive
Stand up for your rights (oh-hoo)
Don't want you on the ground, brother Hit me from the top
Man will fly away home One bright morning when my work is over
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right!" Rise up this mornin',
Throw some water in the well,
In a rat race, yeah Rat race!
And she gone with the pieces of my heart
That was a moment I never will forget
Three little birds
We no the blessings from above I and are be no rap star
And abandoned
Years ago when we toured
I hope you learn it note for note
Which hold one race superior and another
and we're jammin' in the name of the lord
By the laws of men, by the laws of men
By the 'and of the Almighty
Love me always forever
Scouldn't be better (Said I'm given my love to you baby
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us One Love! One Heart!
They stole Marcus Garvey for rights ho-ooh!
(We'll be forever loving Jah) Some, they say, see them
Simmer down. Simmer down, oh you hear what I say
So, no matter what stages
Would you make the system make you kill your brotherman?
You can't fool the youths You're teaching youths to learn in the school
If it's likely you will tumble down
Natty dread rides again
And we know we shall win
I'm takin' illusion on the edge of my mind
You've got my love, you've got my love) I mean what I say (Said I'm given my love to you baby
He said kill them before it grow
Simmer down, soon you'll get dropped, so
And the leader try to make a speech
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love From the very first time I blessed my eyes on you, girl
Into our life again
I wanna jam it, wanna jam it Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
Simmer down, oh control your temper
I told you wicked think they found me guilty They got la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
What more can I say to you?
Ain't no rules, ain't no vow
People .... Roots Natty roots
Me no call no fowl (me no call no fowl)
I wanna give you some love (uh, yeah)
Come on and stir it up, oh-oh-oh!
Me say war That until the basic human rights
So now you see the light, eh
You've got my love, you've got my love) So don't you never give your love to nobody but me baby (but me baby)
You gotta travel wide
Fighting against ism and skism Singing! I know Jah's never let us down
(Trench Town Rock) Roots Natty roots
We are what we are
(In Jamaica, y'all) Get things together, right now!
Hit me with music, yeah, come on (hit me with music)
Still we ain't sure what the battle is for
Now I know the time has come (Bomb, bomb, bomb! Bomb, bomb, bomb!)
The mice will play
When I meet you around the corner (round the corner),
Did I wanna get through to you, girl?
So when the Man comes there will be no, no doom (one song)
Ya see, in life I know there's lots of grief
Will not know peace,
Somebody came and took your bed
We done it before so I sit by the door
(In Jamaica) Get it together, children!
Have no fear for atomic energy
Like a guava jelly),
Asking for Mr. Brown
There is so much trouble in the world (So much trouble in the world)
No water could put out this fire (fire)
You chuck it down that one and you chuck it down Me! Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
I love you so much, so-o-o-
Woy yoy yoy yo, yo yo woe yo woe yo yoy Troddin' through San Juan
Thank God
Lord, they're coming after me (a-one more time) Lord, I've got to keep on moving
You got the dog race
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
And you hold me tight, holding me tight This is my invitation
Forget your weakness and dance
Go there, dready, do there! We refuse to be
Every day we got to keep on fighting (fighting)
Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!
Hey through God to prove my innocence
Could you be loved, wo now, and be loved? (You ain't gonna miss your water until your well runs dry
In the arms of America
while your asphalt burns our tired feet.
And you should know, you should know by now,
I'm a rebel (I am a rebel)
Cast away that evil spell;
Don't give up the fight (don't give it up, don't give it up)
Singin': "Don't worry about a thing,
Perch by my doorstep
What goes on up is coming on down (Bomb, bomb, bomb! Bomb, bomb, bomb!)
I hope you like jammin'
But the hotter the battle
Whoa, look at that Many are called
(But I didn't shoot the deputy) I didn't shoot the deputy, no, no Freedom came my way one day
I'm a capturer, gossip around the corner
Never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby) (Said I'm given my love to you baby
We see it in Mount Zion
Greet-I-eth slave men will look with a scorn
He may have to litigate
We know where we're going
Like a guava jelly,
And no matter what game they play
(No, dread, no)
She didn't even get a chance! But this is my invitation
And Jamdown hope you're jammin', too
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was, well
To ram them down
Cast away evil spell;
We the generation (tell me why)
Don't give up the fight (get up, stand up)
Singin' sweet songs
Then you wouldn't have to ask me
(Where he be found?)
Don't worry, be happy
And that I don't claim to be.
War in the west
Put a smile on your face
(Long, long time)
No, woman, no cry. 'Cause, 'cause, 'cause, I remember when we used to sit
(fadeout) I'm a rebel
Sayin', "Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Jah knows the mighty cry, the truth it cannot hide
Bob Marley, learn the man behind the name [Bob Marley]
Then we would cook cornmeal porridge,
I tell you who we are under the sun
It don't fall on one man's housetop They singin' so very much, so very much, oh so very much
People need to be free.
Let's get together and feel all right UH !Bad boys watcha gon,watcha gon,watcha gonna do?
Whoa, Look at that They need a dry wood
From Mandeville to Sligoville, coffin running around
'Cause we're moving right out of Babylon
And that's the golden rule,So why are you acting like a bloody fool
We're coming in from the cold It's you, it's you, it's you I'm talkin' to
Cause I don't want my boat to be rockin' (don't rock my boat) I'm telling you that, oh, oh-oh,
Don't worry, be happy......
Destroying and wasting their souls Go ride, natty, ride!
Groovy Child
Spoke up for rights, we were cracked in the jaw
And you hold me tight (holding me tight) This is my invitation
Set the captives free Exodus, all right, all right
And every chorus was written for us to recite (right)
And my two grown-up son
You know I love you Chorus
Let them wear it
"Babylon throne gone down, gone down
And now you see the light
There she goes and now my teardrops start Who's gonna put back the pieces to my broken heart
(Know right now)
But the whole world is full of hate,
All right! Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
We know where we're going, uh
Throw me corn (Throw me corn)
Who has hurt all mankind just to save his own?
A rain a-fall but the dirt it tough;
Take it easy, taking it easy
Born of a mother with the love of a father,
And I started out of town, yeah
Black soul is black as jet (do you hear me)
Sayin' let's get together and feel all right Let them all pass all their dirty remarks (one love)
Singin', don't worry about a thing
And I hope you like jammin' too
To rama thema down
Give a little (Give a little)
Soul rebel, talk won't bother me.
You can't blame the youths of today
I said I love you.
Here I am, a stone
Don't involve rasta in your say say
Goes around and comes around (Bomb, bomb, bomb! Bomb, bomb, bomb!) So much trouble in the world
Don't want you on the ground (don't, don't)
We'll be forever, yeah (We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever
Singing' don't worry about a thing
As it beats within,
Lamentation (dread dread)
Good friends we have, oh, good friends we've lost
In the abundance of water
no more sweet talk from the hypocrites (oh, no hypocrites!),
To see the human race
In your life expect some trouble
But it won't replace the 'eartache I caused you;
Everything's gonna be all right!
We jammin', to think that jammin' was a thing of the past
A sudden destruction
Let's get together and feel all right
Saying ooh, I love you
And permanently
There ain't no hiding place from the Father of Creation Sayin', one love, one heart
You satisfy my soul (satisfy my soul).
I tell you what it's beating within
Say something! (could you be, could you be, could you be loved?
Can't see the right roads when the streets are paved
Pale, pale moonlight Doo, do-do-wop, choo-wop, choo-wop
I say fly away home to Zion (fly away home)
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright Rise up this mornin'
We forward in this generation
(Groovin') I said, it's Kingston twelve now
Where we can be, yeah. I know a place where we can carry on.
No woman, no cry No woman, no woman, no cry Old pirates, yes, they rob I,
You chuck it down thit one,
Oh oh darling, baby baby, oh darling, oh darling I need you tonight
Guava Guava jeelly Until the philosophy
Let's get together and feel all right. Feeling out, feeling down:
(Coming in) (coming in)
Is this love that I'm feelin'? Is this love, is this love, is this love
Stolen from Africa, brought to America
Simmer down, a that I'm leaving you today
They say, "Oh, what a tribulation" Them belly full but we hungry
Everything in life got its purpose
Rat race yeah!
your too rude,
You've got my love, you've got my love) Oh, never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby)
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh! Man, go! Dip-a (for diplomatic);
It's not warm when she's away
you chuck it down ya mother,
Come on, come on and stir it up, oh-oh!
Let me! Whatcha wanna do? When they come for you? Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
Baby, but you just won't let me.
In this 'ere rat race, yeah!
I and I are the roots Some are leaf
Man suffer, Lord Come-a come-a come-a, we go reason now (x6)
Listen baby, I've got the action
(In Jamaica) Get things together, right yow!
Want you to know I'm a rainbow too
Blast off on their spaceships
And I'm still waiting there Like I said
but we be jammin' I'n'I will see you through [Repeat: x2] MC Lyte]
Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta
But I'll be there anyhow
In the government yard in Trenchtown.
Oh, smile! (In Jamaica) C'mon and smile!
It was I who shot the sheriff
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival I mean it, when I analyze these things
(Movement of Jah people) Exodus, all right, oh, oh, oh
I know sometime you wanna let go
Ain't got no girl to make you smile
Woo, woo-ooh, woo, woo, woo-ooh
Well, listen baby, I'll come first to you, so Try me (try me, try me)
Simmer down, and you won't get no supper
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was Every need got an ego to feed
I know, I know, I know, I know
"Babylon, you throne gone down, gone down
"Don't worry about a thing,
Every day the people are dyin' (dying), yeah!
And ya chuck it down ya father,
As the sunshine is above, uh
Every day the bucket goes to the well
(Movement of Jah people) from across the Red Sea
And the terrain, everything is so sweet (woah woah woah sweet, woah woah woah sweet)
There are wonders for everyone
Shall be the head cornerstone
Said I throw me corn (throw me corn)
Who has hurt all mankind just to save his own beliefs? One Love! What about the one heart? One Heart!
Yeah, I want to give you some good, good loving (uh) Turn your lights down low
No I, no I (I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
As it's been said already
Can't you see? Why won't you believe me?
AND YOU CHUCK IT DOWN ME!! No, woman, no cry,
And, you know, they play like they don't know
I saying cok-cok-cok (cok-cok-cok)
I can tell you where he's from now From Mandeville to Sligoville, coffin running around Woah-oh, ya-ya-ya-ya, oy-oh
As it was in the beginning (one love)
From the wise and the prudent, been revealed to the babe and the suckling
Let it be done, yeah
Exodus when i bust,
'Cause none of them can stop the time
Oh, what a rat race, yeah!
Do you hear me?
Things are not the way they used to be
Have no fear, have no sorrow, yeah! All and all you see a-gwan
Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
(In Jamaica) Get it together, now!
Move Turn your lights down low
Sayin', ("This is my message to you-ou-ou:") Singin': "Don't worry 'bout a thing,
Simmer down, and you know you bound to suffer
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was now
Then you would know where you coming from
Wo-wo-wo, I'm a groover
It's been three years since I'm knockin' on your door
(Hit me with music), oh my brother (hit me with music) brutalize me!
Whoa, look at that Got to survive
(We deh go reason now) (x3) Where do you stand for happiness
Rule equality
There she goes and now my teardrops start
But who Jah bless, no one curse
Coming in from the cold It's life (it's life), it's life (it's life), it's life (it's life)
We've got a life to live
Dry - dry - dry (for dry-land tourist);
Panic in the city, wicked weeping for their gold!
Hit me with music, yeah, hit me with music now! This is (Trench Town Rock) don't watch that
Cut - cut - cut against 'em one another.
Like a guava jelly Repeat/ adlib
To hammer them down Said, I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
Yeah! (rebel) Yeah! Yeah! From the very day we left the shores (trodding on the winepress)
Through the mystics of tomorrow
But brooh, through Jah proved my innocency Oh, when the rain fall, fall, fall now
Soul adventurer
Then all of a sudden I saw sheriff John Brown
Do you believe, me?
Then you must be blue (must be blue, must be blue)
Don't you know, when one door is closed, when one door is closed
She`ll be waiting in kingston town (chorus) Oh kingston town,
Dem a rum-a - come-a - come-a wid a gravalicious;
So so very
Would you let the system make you kill your brotherman?
There is someone for me, to love
(Uh, uh, right, uh)
You're saying prayers to the devils, I say, wooh
Have pity on those whose chances grows t'inner
Sister pyaka
One good thing about music
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? You chuck it down thas one,
(Is Mr. Brown)
Then behind they try to eliminate you
Lord, I didn't shoot the deputy
That's all I can say right here, now
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Let them all pass all their dirty remarks (one love)
Sold I to the merchant ships
Anytime she goes away Wonder this time where she's gone
To separate I and I
Hear the children cryin' (one heart)
Crows, chauffeur driven around
Stay alive, eh Could you be loved and be loved?
Brings sad feelings of tomorrow
Someone else is judging you,
I'm still waiting there
They got so much things to say, so much things to say
(Trench Town Rock) I say, give a slum a try
Oh (we'll be forever loving Jah)
Me say them graduatin' thieves and murderers
You-you doo-doo-doo, yeah: think about that! This is my heart:
Movement of Jah people Move, move, move, move, move, move, uh-uh-uh-uh
We're going to our Father's land Exodus, all right, movement of Jah people
They're tryin' to track me down
Whoo-oo Ganja gun
Anytime she goes away
So don't worry, be happy (now)..... There is this little song I wrote
She's getting high (ooh), trying to fly the sky (oo-bee doo-be doo)
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you?(When they come for you?) Why did you have to act so mean?
Don't you pick and refuse me
(Trench Town Rock) 'cause you got to tell Jah-Jah why
'Tis he who fight and run away
When the cat's away
Only your friend know your secrets
And we'll still find time to rap
Oh baby love me baby not just pleasure
Could you be, could you be loved?) Don't let them change ya, oh
Be sure your hands are clean. Judge not
Look at me I am happy
Baby, you so nice.
'Cause no matter what they do
Well, you (it's you) you (it's you), you I'm talking to now
You know I smoke'a de ganja all a de time.
(Trench Town Rock) don't call no cop
Love would never leave us alone
Well, the biggest man you ever did see was was just a baby In this life (in this life)
I'm sayin'
It don't fall on one man's housetop
Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights
/Saxophone solo/
It was I shot the sheriff
We remained poor
Oh, them teach to love one another;
Easy skanking, skanking it slow Excuse me while I light my spliff (spliff)
So only he could reveal it And who the cap fit
Try me When the hurt is strong
(In Jamaica, y'all) Soulful town, soulful people,
From the love of our fathers You see, blood is thicker than water
Black soul is black as jet (black soul)
Oba - obaserving the 'ypocrites
/fadeout/ Greetings in the name of his majesty, Emperor Haile Selassie I
Have been toppled
Will come up and take a bite
Cluck-cluck-cluck (Cluck-cluck-cluck) Some will eat and drink with you
(Hit me with music!) This is (Trench Town Rock) I say don't watch that
When one door is closed, don't you know another is open Would you let the system make you kill your brotherman?
But there is just one thing I would like you to know, oh When it wet it slippery, yeah
(In Jamaica, y'all) Help my people, help them right!
(I know Jah would never let us down)
We know where we're from
Oh now, I say, you feel no pain now
So, listen baby, it's tit for tat, so Try me (try me, try me)
Lean upon, lean upon his own misunderstanding, oh, yeah
Dem a rum - come - come wid a gravalicious;
Every need got an ego to feed Wooh, a pimper's paradise, that's all she was now, wo-oo-o-oo, wo-oh
Simmer down, and you know soon you'll get dropped, so
Said he wanna ran, then you wanna hand
When they come for you?Bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do?
Simmer down, oh that I'm a leaving you today
Tears in my eyes burn, tears in my eyes burn
Ya you gonn' smoke'a de ganja in many different ways
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
Before God and man
Ah, whoa! Frighten dem! Ah, whoa! Frighten dem, eh!
You'll find your redemption
Stand up for your rights, come on Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights
Believe me One love, one heart
(Trench Town Rock) I never turn my back
(Word, word, uh, uh)
People freedom and liberty!
I want to jam it with you
Your face will frown
Babylon, you throne gone down" Said I hear the words of the Iyaman say
He said kill them before they grow
I live in the woods alone;
Are you satisfied (with the life you're living) uh
We're (coming in from the cold) from the cold
Said, it's a new feelin'
A 'yp-a (for hypocratic);
Singin' don't worry about a thing, I won't worry
Some are branches
Simmer down, simmer down, simmer down
And what is to be must be
To the rescue, here I am
I need your (company) company.
Tup for Topper Norris! See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
To see what we could do, baby, (oh-oh-oh-oh)
Rasta don't work for no CIA Rat race
The man they call "Mr. Brown"
(I love you, I love you)
But you can't fool all the people all the time
No, woman, no cry.
Then I blaze ya fire
You can't fool the youths
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, dread, no
You stand up for your rights, jah Get up, stand up (Jah, Jah)
You can't fool the youths You teach the youths about Christopher Columbus
Then Your eyes would give you wits Hhh! Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
(We'll be forever loving Jah) forever, and ever
I wanna give you some good, good loving Good, good, good loving
We're gonna chuck to JAH music, chuckin'
Make my coffee sweet and warm
Could you be, could you be, could you be loved?
Singin': "Don't worry (don't worry) 'bout a thing,
While I'm waiting, while I'm waiting for my turn
'Cause every day we pay the price
You got to do better than that Lord, I've got to keep on moving
I like it like this, ooh yeah! (I like it like this) (Satisfy my soul) You satisfy my soul (satisfy my soul)
But this is all I know I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
Easy skanking, skanking it easy
You can't educate I
Provokin' me
And then what has been hidden
We'll share the shelter, of my single bed
(Trench Town Rock) never let the children cry
Hear the children cryin' (One Heart!),
Who the heck do I think I am I'm just a Buffalo Soldier
I know that I'm not perfect
Yeah, we've been trodding on the winepress much too long
I and I no expect to be justified
Say something (could you be loved?) say something, uh
They got so much things to say Eh! But I'll never forget no way
Can you understand me, now baby Do you believe me? The night seems to fade,
Africa awaits (Africa unite) its creators!
Want you to know ya, can you understang When the morning gather the rainbow
For we no want no devil philosophy
Oh, darling, darling, I'm calling, calling
Wipe away transgression
You're gonna dance to JAH music, dance
Dry your weeping eyes.
When you worry you make it double
If you're not happy, children
Many more will have to suffer
Hear the children cryin' (one love)
Judge not
Little darlin', stir it up! Oh, little darlin', stir it up. Come on, babe!
You-you doo-doo-doo, yeah: think about that!
Were jammin' [Repeats]
(Hit me with music)
Feel it in the one drop
From reality I just can't drift
There is (So much in the world) Ooh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah (yeah yeah yeah)
Do you hear me
Reflexion comes and reflexion goes,
There is so much trouble
Lord, they're coming after me I've been accused for the killin'
Rat race! I'm singin'
The tings people refuse
Oh, I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
You know that I love you,
Yeah! (Give a little) yeah! (Give a little) yeah! So you think you've found the solution
All I ever had
Rat race,
Ti-da-lee, na po-po pu-du-loo!
A pot a-cook but the food no 'nough A hungry man is a angry man
So all of your best starts just drift into space. I know a place where we can carry on.
We Africans will fight we find it necessary
To ram them down She love to party, have a good time
Satisfy my soul, satisfy my soul. De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
Let me tell you if you're not wrong (then, why?)
Will always be the head cornerstone-a tell me why
(Dread, dread, it dread, dread) Oh, whoa! Make dem a-go on so
Could you be loved and be loved? Don't let them fool ya
Rule of international morality
Wonder if she's gone to stay
Rat race Can't take your slogans no more,
(fadeout) (Who-oo-oo-oo is Mr Brown?)
Say something say something (could you be loved?) say something
Just to feel your vibration
Saying ooh, it's been a long, long time
Man will fly away home
Anytime she goes away Man to man is so unjust, children
I know a place where we can carry on.
No, woman, no cry. Said, said, said, I remember when-a we used to sit
A tup-pa - tup-pa - tup-pa (for Topper Norris)! See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
Somewhere not by near anyone
Walking up the street
As it was logwood burnin' through the nights.
(But I swear it was in self-defense) I swear it was in self-defense, yeah
Of our Father's land (rebel)
We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight! Jane is in the back yard
Said I'm a living man
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival
But I say I shot the sheriff
In the ghetto
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, think it fade What a thing in town
One good thing about music, when it hits ya
Don't worry don't do it, be happy
Bread and pyaka, cut down pyaka-ism Woman feels the pain
No care for you, no care for me So much trouble in the world
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve
There is magic in kingston town (chorus) Oh kingston town,
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall! As a man sow, shall he reap
A hungry mob is a angry mob A hungry man is a angry man
Smiled with the risin' sun,
Yeah, we the people struggling Now they are sitting on a time bomb (Bomb, bomb, bomb! Bomb, bomb, bomb!)
And we're going to our Father's land How good and how pleasant it would be
Woe yoe yoe yo, yo yo woe yo woe yo yoe Buffalo Soldier, troddin' through the land woo ooh
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us And I rastaman vibration, yeah, positive
To force on us the devil's illusion
Simmer down, for the battle will be hotter
We the street people talking
Lord, forgive me for not goin' back
(We'll be forever loving Jah) forever, yes
No woman, no cry No woman, no woman, no cry You know that I love you,
The truth cannot hide
Why not help one another on the way?
I like I hope, I hope you like jammin' too
We've got to fulfill de book Won't you help to sing
And this house just ain't no home Anytime she goes away
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
War down south
Whatever it is
I'n'I vibration yeah, positive
'Yp for hypocratic;
But-a we won't worry
But this is a rat race, yeah
We're past the worse Hypocrites and parasites
That's all remain
No, dread, no
They say they want to bring me in guilty
I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
Say something say something (say something)
Now you're gone Do you remember that first night we met?
You might want to sing it note for note
Won't let go I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
Cause when you worry
(No want you fe galang so) we should live with love
Yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
One more thing I'd like to say right here,
I don't wanna wait in vain Stir it up, little darlin', stir it up. Come on, baby
I and I are the roots Some are the dry wood
Ooh baby here I am
/fadeout/ Sun is shining, the weather is sweet
When it dumpy crumpy
You make me feel like a sweepstake winner (a sweep, a sweepstake winner).
holy mount zion I'n'I will see you through [Repeats] Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta
a-sufferation of the refugees,
She`ll be waiting in kingston town Bado, scoobado, scoobado-bado-bado. Oh, wo-yo-yo-why! When the whole world lets you down
We've got a mind of our own
These songs of freedom
Ooh (coming in), hey (coming in)
In everything, in every day, I say, yeah (We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever
Movement of Jah people, oh, yeah
Stand up for your rights
To hammer them down
Afri, Africa unite, yeah!
Utterly destroyed
We've been trampled on (rebel)
Singin': "Don't worry about a thing, oh no!
No, no, woman, woman, no cry.
Never ever try to resist, oh no
Don't ask me why
I love you (Said I'm given my love to you baby
In iration They say roots Natty roots
Coming in from the cold We're coming in-a, coming in-a, coming in-a, coming in-a
Don't you never give your love to no body but me baby (but me babe) Hey, all day (and all night)
Every little thing gonna be alright, don't worry
And she's always gone to long
So much trouble in the world
The stone Wohoo, said I'd never gonna give my love to nobody, but you baby (but you baby)
I'd never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby) So love me (forever)
Get up, stand up (get up, stand up)
Whoo-oo Ganja gun (vocal solo) Don't worry about a thing
Bop-chu-wa-wa-wa We're jammin'
(Could you be, could you be, could you be loved?
When you no say you no want it
Man suffer, Lord
Try me (try me)
Forget your sorrow and dance
Say something (could you be, could you be, could you be loved?)
We're gonna dance to JAH music, dance
Where I can't be found
To rock you steady;
I want to love you, every day and every night I want to love you, and treat you right
But read it in Revelation (dread, dread, dread, dread)
Oh, can't you see what you've done for me, oh, yeah!
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right" - I won't worry!
For hangin' me, they are willin', yeah, yeah
Never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby) I'll never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby)
Discredited
And they say it is a capital offense Sheriff John Brown always hated me
And smile! (In Jamaica) You're gonna smile!
They turned their back on Paul Bogle
Try me (try me, try me)
It's wa well, coming in from the cold
Yes, we've been trodding on the winepress much too long
I and I will see you through
We can carry on, we can carry on. Whe-e-e!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Get it together, children!
Realizing the just but whats next on the cusp
The land lord say your rent is late
Do the same thing twice, yeah!
Simmer down, can you hear what I say
Are the things they should use
Uh uh uh I say: send me that love, oh darling
Ready to explore
And that will bring everybody down
---
They don't know what they're doin', yeah Here I am, walking down the street (walk walk walk walk walk walk walk)
Rastafari, ever-living
Through these lonely heartaches and pain
Let's get together and feel all right, one more thing Let's get together to fight this Holy Armagiddyon (one love)
Our love needs direction
To ram them down They just keep teasin' me
Jah say this judgement, it could never be with water
A just-a special vacation
Peeyah, peeyah, pyaka, come (x3)
Live to fight another day With de heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
And who the cap fit
Are you pickin' up now?
Take it easy, skanking it slow
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, all right
And no matter what they say
We can carry on, we can carry on.
We'll share the same room
We're coming in, we're coming (coming in), coming in-a (coming in)
I like it, like it this (I like it like this, I like it like this)
The police make a raid
Natty dread rides again (natty dread rides again)
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve, now
(Rock) we can trash things ourselves
'Cause all I ever had
We got something they could never take away And it's the fire (fire), it's the fire (fire)
Say something say something (could you be, could you be, could you be loved?)
no more sweet talk (no-no-no-no sweet talk) from the hypocrites (hey!),
We're making the one stop
Try me
and you chuck it down your brother and you chuck it down your sister
"Hey, Dread, fly, Natty Dread, and smile!" You're in Jamaica: C'mon and smile!
This feeling wouldn't leave me alone.
Good over evil Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights
In remembrance of today
Anytime she goes away I know, I know, I know, I know
Hear the children crying (One love)
How long shall dey kill our prophets
I don't wanna, I don't wanna wait in vain)
The stone that the builder refuse, yeah!
The struggle is not over until the battle is won
I said love me (forever)
all over the streets (ooh, ooh, ooh),
Unite for the Africans (Africa uniting) abroad!
Of melodies pure and true,
They got so much things to say
My eyes get red, no-one to hear me.
Hit me from the top
Simmer down, oh, oh, oh
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival Said he was a Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta
Exodus, movement of Jah people, oh, now, now, now, now
(Trench Town Rock) or you got to tell Jah-Jah why
Africa unite
(You want come cold I up) scaba-diba-dip, scaba-dip, scaba-dip
Suckin' the blood of the sufferers, yeah!
Stand up for your rights (get up, stand up)
If you're not ready for judgement. Woah oh oh! The road of life is rocky
Come-a come-a come-a, we go reason now
Woe yoy yoy yo, yo yo woy yo, woe yoy yoy Woe yoe yoe, woe woe yoe yoe
Exodus, movement of Jah people
There ain't no hiding place from the Father of Creation. Sayin': One Love! What about the One Heart? (One Heart!)
None but our self can free our mind
There she goes with the pieces from my heart Long time we no have no nice time:
Just to, just to, just to (vibration) just to
A pot a-cook but the food no 'nough
Rebel, rebel! Babylon system is the vampire, yea! (vampire)
First class and second class citizens of any nation
I and I are the roots Some are wolf
Or even try to school ya, oh, no
I'd like to say: baby, you so nice:
Let them wear it And then I'm gonna throw me corn (throw me corn)
How long shall they kill our prophets
You can't fool the youths Said he was a very great man
No, I don't wanna (I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
In this (in this life, oh sweet life)
Talkin' 'bout my freedom
For what, I don't know
Stand in love, take my hand in love, God bless (right) I want to give you some good, good loving
Now I know love is a guessin' game
Into our lives again
Of melodies pure and true
Only darkness every day
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall! Rise up, fallen fighters
Get up, stand up (so we can't give up the fight)
None but our self can free our minds
Tell the kids I came last night
What about the, let's get together and feel all right
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
We jammin' (Bob Marley, Bob Marley)
And the world know by now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, y'all
We're jammin', jammin'
Jah Jah children must unite
Natty do them every day, yeah!
I don't wanna wait in vain
My feet is my only carriage,
Yes, when you hold me tight, you made me feel all right. Whoa, honey, can't you see? Don't you believe me?
Everyday we pay the price, with a livin' sacrafice
(In Jamaica, y'all) Riddim wise (wise),
We found a way
There was a Buffalo Soldier
What about the - ? Let's get together and feel all right.
Rebel, rebel! (Trodding on the winepress) Trodding on the winepress (rebel)
Rebel, rebel!
And your best friend your worst enemy Some will eat and drink with you
Sayin': let's get together and feel all right. Wo wo-wo wo-wo! Let them all pass all their dirty remarks (One Love!);
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
Retired slave men will look with a scorn
(We'll be forever loving Jah) 'Cause just like a tree
J-A-Double M-I-N
(Soul shakedown party tonight) Baby, I need you tonight!
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right.
In this great future, you can't forget your past,
To rama them down
Teaching youths to learn in the school
Would you make the system get on top of your head again?
Africa, you're my (Africa unite) forefather cornerstone!
'Cause it's a new day
Make way for the positive day
There ain't no hiding place from the Father of Creation Sayin', one love, what about the one heart? (one heart)
If you listen carefully now, you will hear
Baby! Woods alone!
What sweet nanny goat a go run him belly, so
I'm black (try me) coming
no more sweet talk (no-no-no-no sweet talk) from the hypocrites (no-no-no-no hey!). Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
I know Jah's never let us down
And go there, dready! (go there, go there)
Yeah
And so And so I shot the sheriff
We got something they could never take away
They made their world so hard
(how quick they have to part) In remembrance of today
But now you want to say that we are through
But I didn't shoot no deputy
Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right;
That's why I am staying with this riff (riff) Take it easy, easy skanking
Pimper's paradise, that's all she was
Baby, baby, c'mon.. Oh darling...
One and all got to face reality now Though I try to find the answer
Well, would you make the system get on top of your head again?
We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight!
I need your concentration
We're leaving Babylon
Live if you want to live
You know what I mean
A we no want no devil philosophy Feel it in the one drop
Will always be the head cornerstone The stone that the builder refuse
Playing a riddim, uh!
Skankers take it easy, skanking it slow
If you asking then I'm telling you it's yes
What about, people, let's get together and feel all right
Ooh, I love you
You buy the youth a pretty toy gun
And we've been takin' for granted much too long
'Cause now the fire is out of control
Where there is love for everyone,
Just to feel your vibration At that soul shakedown party tonight!
Ooh yeah, yeah
Feel that fire (fire), the fire (fire)
Dis a war That until that day
But I didn't shoot the deputy They just keep holdin' me
And until that day,
Oh, it's a disgrace
Give us the teachings of his majesty
Cause I don't want my boat to be rockin' (don't rock my boat)
Come rub 'pon me belly
You crazy motherfunky
Guava Guava jelly,
There's a reaction (satisfy my soul).
So one cup of coffee, then I'll go.
Destroying and melting their gold,
What about - ? Let's get together and feel all right
I'm just-a rock this now;
hehehe i know sometime you wanna let go Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
Hey! So don't you forget (no way) your youth
War And until the ignoble and unhappy regimes
Give us the teachings of his majesty with a stick-up!
Though I just dropped by to let you know
(We'll be forever loving Jah) One good thing about music, when it hits ya
Just concentrate, 'cause your heaven lives on
We're taking it easy
(Trench Town Rock) if you are big fish or sprat
Unite for it's later (Africa uniting) than you think!
So while, so while, so while they fight you down
We jammin' on the for the daughters and sons
I wanna know now, for I to knock some more
And there's a place in the sun
(Trench Town Rock) you reap what you sow
See I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
Want you to know just if you can
No time to be deceived
(Dread, dread) For hunger (dread, dread) and starvation (dread, dread)
'Cause I and I no expect to be justified
We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight! Hit it, brother, y'all! The way you love-a me, it's all right! (It's all right)
Deceiving the people continually, yeah!
Dyin' 'n' goin' to heaven in-a Jesus' name, Lord
We're coming in (coming in), coming in (coming in)
To see the unification of all Rastaman, yeah
(Pimper's paradise) that's all she was now, woo Dip for diplomatic;
Holdin' me
your too bad,
In the coffin where there is three crows on top and two is laughing
(how quick they had to part) African herbsman, why linger on?
It's me love that you're running from. (I don't wanna wait in vain)
They say, only, only
Lord knows I didn't do
When it damp it crampy (when it damp it crampy)
In sheep's clothing
Surely I would need a queen
In rows or around, we can jam it anyhow
Minutes after they took I
Don't want you on the ground
Like good little children
I'll never forget no way
Entered through back doors
Where I am, that's where it's at
But I know, now, that I'm way down on your line
And I hope this jam is gonna last
Then I'll satisfy your heart's desire. (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
Oh girl, ooh girl, is it feasible?
It's not all that glitters is gold
Try me, try me One love, one heart
Cluck-cluck-cluck (Cluck-cluck-cluck) Ay Some will hate you, pretend they love you now
(This is the rat race!)
Herb for my wine, honey for my strong drink I'll take it easy, taking it easy
(Soul shakedown party tonight) It will be for two I shot the sheriff
Your worst enemy could be your best friend
Expresses the happiness more clearly than ever heard (uh)
Why won't you stop your cryin'?
Alright, give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Singin': "Don't worry about a thing" - I won't worry!
Cluck-cluck-cluck (Cluck-cluck-cluck)
Caution the road is wet
A-yin the darkness there must come out to light Could you be loved and be loved?
But the waitin' feel is fine
Saying', (this is my message to you) Singing' don't worry 'bout a thing
To the rescue here I am
And Rules all creation [Bob Marley]
We can carry on, we can carry on,
They're just gonna suffer now
(No want you fe galang so) oh no!
So before you point your fingers,
A pimper's paradise, I'm sorry for the victim now
And we're jammin' in the name of the Lord
They crucified Jesus Christ
This could be the first trumpet
Got to take it slow, So take it easy, easy skanking,
Simmer down, why won't you simmer, simmer down
Chuckin' A belly full but them hungry
Is Mr. Brown controlled by remote?
Driven from the mainland
One more time yeah! (Give a little)
I'n'I, I will see you through
Is this love, is this love, is this love
Africa awaiting (Africa uniting) its creator!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
No, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
To ram them down I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
Oh oh, skanking it slow
no more sweet talk from-a grimepit,
In Mozambique
Said it's a new sign
Who you are and where you stand in the struggle They go so very, so very, so very, so very, so very, so very
I and I nah come to fight flesh and blood But spiritual wickedness in high and low places
And it's a new time
But it grinds fine, yeah African herbsman, why linger on?
Collective security for surety, yeah! Don't forget your history
We jammin and I hope the jam is gonna last [MC Lyte]
But don't worry be happy
If I had the whole world
Could you be, could you be loved)
Oh, island in the sun:
From reality I just can't drift (drift)
You've got my love, you've got my love) Whoo, I'm never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby)
There is someone who needs to love
Don't you know you're a human being?
Every beautiful melody of devotion every night
It's Kingston twelve
That hold our brothers in Angola
Telling the Lord how grateful I am 'cause I know him (what? word)
I would give it away
So jam by my side We jammin'
Every little thing gonna be all right. Don't worry!"
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
And make everybody feel high
Winter is here
So we gonna walk, all right, through de roads of creation
Is this love that I'm feelin'?
I've got a running stream
Don't worry be happy
Swing with me, baby!
And everything you do is wrong
Then behind them su-su 'pon you
Who has hurt all mankind just to save his own beliefs? One love, what about the one heart, one heart
They say we're going wrong
For we no want no devil philosophy We feel it in the one drop you're lucky!
Is the sad feelin' of tomorrow
Now everywhere is war
Will always be the head cornerstone
I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
Coming in (coming in), ooh (coming in)
Sayin', this is my message to you Singin' don't worry about a thing, worry about a thing, oh
Did-a see was-a was-a once a baby In this life, in this life, in this life
To hammer them down Holdin' me
Take it easy, skanking it easy
Yea! (sufferers) Tell the children the truth
Say something (could you be, could you be loved?)
Then I'll send for my love, love, love, love, sweet woman
Long time we no have no nice time:
The old slave men might grind slow
That bringeth forth fruits
It won't take the place of lovin' you, I know,
And he was taken from Africa, brought to America
In every life we have some trouble
But it seems I was never on time
Simmer down, like you never did before There she goes with the pieces from my heart
Oh, please don't you rock my boat (don't rock my boat)
Woe yoy yoy yoy, yoy yoy woy yoy woy yoy yoy Oh, yeah, well, alright
Coming in from the cold
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall! Rise up fallen fighters
'Cause if summer is here
Oh, what a confusion
Have pity on those whose chances grows t'inner;
Try me Woo, woo-ooh, woo, woo, woo-ooh
So while you talk about me,
But the moonlight lingers on
Oh, let the moon come shining in
Ride, natty, ride!
No woman, no cry, one more time I've to say
What you wanted us to be
(Trench Town Rock) and only Jah-Jah know
confusing the people
Selassie I the first
Pleas stop acting over Break,
Got to take it easy, easy skanking See we're taking it easy
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-wop, choo-wop
They made their world so hard (so hard)
Once again, once again now I know this could be the end
Of which I'll share with you,
I love you, baby, so much Dready got a job to do
They got the rumor without humor
You can't blame the youths, not at all
Political violence fill ya city, yeah!
no more sweet talk from the hypocrites. /guitar solo/ So we know we can't take your slogans no more,
When ya see Jah light. (Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha)
In every season, forever, yeah (We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever
And smile! (In Jamaica) C'mon and smile!
segregation, demonstration and riots (ooh, ooh, ooh),