Father McKenzie, wiping the dirt
They can see that he's just a fool
And in the middle of negotiations you break down
Towering over your head
There beneath the blue suburban skies
Found my way upstairs and had a smoke
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Won't you please, please help me And now my life has changed in oh so many ways
He'd let us in, knows where we've been
Well, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby now
I feel good, in a special way.
There's a chance that we may fall apart before too long
Goo goo g' joob
Yes, you can imitate everyone you know
Then you can start to make it better So let it out and let it in, hey Jude, begin
And he never gives an answer But the fool on the hill
You'll be older too,
and I will sing a lullaby Boy you're gonna carry that weight,
I don't care too much for money, money can't buy me love Can't buy me love, love
Suddenly someone is there at the turnstile
All together now Black white green red
Well you know I nearly broke down and died Oh! Darling, if you leave me
But I never saw them winging
If he was from the House of Lords I saw a film today, oh boy
When I'm sixty-four It was twenty years ago today,
She brings to me
He say one and one and one is three
So he waits behind
Hela, heba, helloa. (Hela.) Hela, heba, helloa. Hela, heba, helloa.
I'm so tired, my mind is set on you
Found my way downstairs and drank a cup
But other girls were never quite
I think I know I mean a "Yes"
All right, all right, all right You say you got a real solution
And she's gone Lucy in the sky with diamonds
When I say that somethin'
Goo goo
All you need is love. (Everybody).
Because I pick a moon dog
And she promises the earth to me
He gave the cocker spaniel a bath in mother's laundromat
Oh, I get high with a little help from my friends
Doing the garden, digging the weeds, who could ask for more?
And curse Sir Walter Raleigh
I know this love of mine
Bom bom bom bompa bom
Speaking words of wisdom, let it be
Some have gone and some remain All these places have their moments
Will she still believe it when he's dead
Over me He roller coaster
Till there was you Then there was music and wonderful roses
Well, mama's head has got to stop
Come together, yeah
Because the wind is high...aaaaaaaahhhh Love is old, love is new
I love you Bom bom bom bompa bom
Still my guitar gently weeps. I don't know why nobody told you
Sce, e, e, ene, She tells Max to stay when the class has gone away,
I will say the only words I know that you'll understand Michelle, ma belle
Yellow submarine, yellow submarine
Michelle, ma belle
Four thousand holes in Blackburn, Lancashire
Yes, you can penetrate any place you go
and you know that can't be bad
All you need is love, love. Love is all you need. There's nothing you can know that isn't known.
With every mistake we must surely be learning
Hmm, I get high with a little help from my friends
You say "Stop", I say "Go, go, go".
In his octopus' garden in the shade I'd ask my friends to come and see
And the world will live as one The long and winding road
And one day his woman ran off with another guy
Strawberry Fields forever Living is easy with eyes closed
'Cause I'm the taxman, yeah I'm the taxman If you drive a car, I'll tax the street,
And though she thought I knew the answer
I don't know why you say "Goodbye", I say "Hello". You say "Yes", I say "No".
Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl
Back in the USSR, yeah Been away so long I early knew the place
To earn his day of leisure?
And in his pocket is a portrait of the Queen.
For a little peace of mind Sheepdog, standing in the rain
I ain't got nothing but love, girl
Well, you can celebrate anything you want
Some kind of innocence is
Sun, sun, sun, here it comes
And I hear them say Hey you've got to hide your love away
Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song
Boy, you're gonna Carry That Weight
It's wonderful to be here
Nothing is real
And I will sing a lullaby. Golden slumbers,
Because the world is round...aaaaaahhhhhh Because the wind is high it blows my mind
Well, you should see Polythene Pam
Well, you can radiate everything you are
To get back homeward Once there was a way
Out of college, money spent
Oh yeah!
Has left a pool of tears
And I love her Bright are the stars that shine
We see the banker sitting waiting for a trim,
You tell me that it's evolution
And I want all the world to see
Dear Prudence won't you come out to play I should have known better with a girl like you,
His sister Pam works in the shop
And kept out of sight
Alone on a hill
Apologize to her Because she loves you
Love you when we're apart And when at last I find you
Nothing you can say, but you can learn
Ob la di ob la da life goes on bra
Got to be good looking
Maxwell stands alone
Such a dirty old man
No, I never heard them at all
Yes we're going to a party party
I'm crying Semolina Pilchard
Eight days a week Love you every day, girl
You know it's three weeks, I'm going insane
And I found that love was more
You were only waiting for this moment to arise Here comes the sun (doo doo doo doo)
You can knit a sweater by the fireside
And she told me what to say-yi-yay She says she loves you
The like of this, I've been alone
To shoot off the legs of his rival
Your's sincerely wasting away
Nothing to kill or die for
Hey, you don't know how lucky you are, boy
"Love will find a way?"
Over me Come together, yeah
He one Mojo filter
Would you lock the door.
Only time will tell if I am right or I am wrong
Writing letters
The love you take
Got to be a joker
So we sailed up to the sun
But it never really mattered
All together now I dig a pony
Remember to let her under your skin
Waiting for the sun
Standing so low
We can work it out and get it straight, or say good night
Come on, (come on) come on, (come on) come on, (come on) come on, (come on)
Such a mean old man
Someday I'm going to make her mine Two of us riding nowhere
Eight days a week
Wishing to avoid and unpleasant
Because we know we can't be found
I'll write home every day
Yellow submarine, yellow submarine And our friends are all aboard
Oh, when I saw her standing there
In the sun
Why, why, why, why, why, why, do you
When I'm home feeling you holding me tight, tight Owww!
And Rocky said, "Doc, it's only a scratch
Oh, yeah
By stealing the girl of his fancy
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven
Always on my mind
I'm crying, I'm crying, I'm crying Yellow matter custard
Hey, bulldog, hey bulldog Flew in from Miami Beach BOAC
Getting nowhere On our way back home
Till we found a sea of green
It's all right
We all want to change your head
Leave it till tomorrow to unpack my case
Take these sunken eyes and learn to see
Nothing you can do, but you can learn
We're Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be
Lucy in the sky with diamonds
But it's all wrong
(I can stay still it's time to go).
Ah, la, la, la, la He's a real nowhere man
Something in the things she shows me
Now I'll never dance with another
And before too long
Was way beyond compare
Only place that he's ever been
I want to tell her that I love her a lot
We all live in a yellow submarine
Make it easy to be near you
You're meant to be
Yes, I get by with a little help from my friends
Come together, yeah There were bells on a hill
She's the kind of a girl
But she gets it while she can Get back, get back
Love is all you need.
Oh, since I saw her standing there
She almost lost her mind
From rocking and a-rolling spinning in a hula hoop
All you need is love. (All together now).
Not arriving On our way back home
Honey disconnect the phone
Oh, she does, yeah, she does
It's my birthday too--yeah
Come together, right now
All right, all right In the town where I was born
Stop and say "Hello". On the corner is a banker with a motorcar,
("The man maintains a fortune")
And he told us of his life
Oh, oh no. You say "Goodbye" and I say "Hello, hello, hello".
They tell me in sweet fragrant meadows
And he wants you all to sing along So let me introduce to you
And I will say the only words I know that you'll understand
Quiet, quiet (ok)
Her name was Magill, and she called herself Lil
Somebody new
I ain't got nothing but love, babe
Nowhere man, The world is at your command
You know I can't sleep, I can't stop my brain
I hope someday you will join us
The sun is up, the sky is blue
Until I do, I'm telling you so you'll understand
Because (woo) Oh now
To get back homeward. Once there was a way
And let me know that you're mine, woo Ah, ah, ah, ah, wow
I've got something I can laugh about,
Or should I say she once had me
There's a shadow hanging over me.
'Cause I'm the taxman, yeah, I'm the taxman Now my advice for those who die
I don't care too much for money, money can't buy me love
Now they know how many holes it takes to fill the Albert Hall
You ain't going to make it with anyone anyhow
I said something wrong, now I long for yesterday Yesterday, love was such an easy game to play
And Moscow girls make me sing and shout
The lips I am missing
Back in the USSR Well the Ukraine girls really knock me out
Hard earned pay
It calls me on and on across the universe Jai Guru Deva, om.
They call me on and on across the universe.
Help me, get my feet back on the ground
Good day sunshine. Can't buy me love, love
Don't ever leave me alone When you told me you didn't need me anymore
Nothing you can see that isn't shown.
Don't you know that you can count me out
Dressed in her polythene bag
And I believe her
For some California grass Get back, get back
It always leads me here
See no future, pay no rent
You don't know what you're missing
Don't leave me standing here
You know you should be glad
I'm back in the USSR
I can't tell you, but I know it's mine Oh, I get by with a little help from my friends
You ask me for a contribution
Is equal to the love you make I read the news today, oh boy
You tell me it's the institution
Everywhere people stare
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Ah look at all the lonely people
Juba juba (Oh I'm tired, servicible villain
(Lies beneath the ocean waves)
Woah yeah, why do you make me blue? Last night I said these words to my girl
Came true today
You know I love you
Don't let me down, don't let me down I'm in love for the first time
Carry That Weight a long time
Ah, girl, girl, girl
Watching their eyes and hoping I'm always there I want her everywhere
Now junior, behave yourself I give her all my love
Some have gone and some remain
To the long winding road
So, o, o, o. But as the words are leaving his lips,
I want to hold your hand Oh please say to me
No need for greed or hunger
With a love like that
To get back home Sleep, pretty darling
I don't know why you say "Goodbye", I say "Hello, hello, hello".
It's been a hard day's night, I should be sleeping like a log
Because Oh! Darling, please believe me
This could only happen to me
Living life in peace You, you may say I'm a dreamer
Birthday greetings bottle of wine.
And in the middle of the celebrations
Nowhere man, The world is at your command He's as blind as he can be
And many times I've cried
And proceeded to lie on the table
Me back again. I have never known
You got to be free
Eight days a week Eight days a week
Would you stand up and walk out on me
Oh, I believe in yesterday Suddenly, I'm not half the man I used to be
Now I need a place to hide away
Don't you know it's gonna be
Waiting to take you away
Send me a postcard, drop me a line,
But you know there's always rain in my heart (in my heart)
Now, let me hold your hand
Now junior, behave yourself Going tell your mama you better do what she said
Nothing's gonna change my world
Everything has got to be just like you want it to
Keeps a ten bob note up his nose
Puts chewing gum in little girl's hair
Come on and work it on out
Oh, oh, oh, oh. Maxwell Edison, majoring in medicine,
And then while I'm away
I don't know, I don't know
Are drifting through my opened mind
Yellow submarine, yellow submarine (Full speed ahead Mr. Boatswain, full speed ahead
The girl with the kaleidoscope eyes Lucy in the sky with diamonds
The minute you let her under your skin
and I will sing a lullaby Golden slumbers fill your eyes,
I will always feel the same Love you forever and forever
You're waiting for someone to perform with
'Cause I've been in love before
And please say to me
the love you take,
Let me know the way Many times I've been alone
And she told me to sit anywhere
And these memories lose their meaning
You're not the hurting kind She says she loves you
I don't know why you say "Goodbye", I say "Hello". (Hello, goodbye, hello, goodbye. Hello, goodbye. Hello, goodbye.)
Then you can start to make it better Hey Jude, don't be afraid
Sunday's on the phone to Monday
Get back Loretta, go home Get back, get back
When I'm home feeling you holding me tight, tight, yeah It's been a hard day's night, and I been working like a dog
Bullfrog, doing it again
Ah look at all the lonely people Eleanor Rigby, picks up the rice
Do not cry
And though the holes were rather small
A brotherhood of man Imagine all the people
He said, "Rocky, you met your match"
By the banks of her own lagoon
Then you'll begin to make it
Here comes the sun
I'd like to be under the sea
If I'd been out 'til quarter to three, would you lock the door?
Hold you in his armchair
All the things you do endear you to me
Get back Jo Sweet Loretta Martin thought she was a woman
Silver hammer man Here I stand head in hand
The one and only Billy Shears
Takes it back to Molly waiting at the door
carry that weight for a long time
When you say she's looking good
Will you still be sending me a Valentine.
Vera, Chuck, and Dave Send me a postcard, drop me a line, stating point of view
Above us only sky
Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah Hey Jude, don't let me down
Take a cha-cha-cha-chance-Birthday
But as it is I'll dream of her
Burns my feet as they touch the ground. Good day sunshine,
Leave it all till somebody else
The wind is low the birds will sing
And as he gives it to her she begins to sing [Chorus] In a couple of years they have built
There's nowhere you can be that isn't where
One thing I can say, girl
Take these broken wings and learn to fly
One sweet dream
Sleep pretty darling do not cry,
I'm glad it's your birthday
I do all the pleasing with you
Oh, what you mean to me
That is you know you can't tune it
Won't you please, please help me, help me, help me, oh Something in the way she moves
We all want to change the world
I'll never do you no harm When you told me you didn't need me anymore
This bird had flown
Many more of them live next door
Sun, sun, sun, here it comes Little darling, I feel that ice is slowly melting
Come on and twist a little closer now
Cuesto obrigado tanta mucho cake and eat it carousel
to get back homeward,
Something special when you smile Childlike no one understands
She will turn to me and start to cry
Look around Dear Prudence let me see you smile
Whoa, love me do Someone to love
You love me too, you love me too, you love me too He's a real nowhere man
No I never heard it at all
Didn't anybody see?
Everybody's happy
Corporation T-shirt, stupid bloody Tuesday
Don't let me down Help, I need somebody
Well, you should see her in drag
That a man must break his back
Till there was you You say you want a revolution
That you would love me more than her If I trust in you oh please
Ah Ah Ah
Attracts me like no other lover
I'll never do you no harm Oh! Darling, if you leave me
Oh now I load a lorry
There is no one compares with you
Little darling, it seems like years since it's been here
Tomorrow I'll miss you
They tumble blindly as they make their way across the universe. Jai Guru Deva. Om
Than just holding hands If I give my heart to you
A crowd of people stood and stared
Well I just had to laugh I saw the photograph
Calls her on the phone.
Can't buy me love I'll buy you a diamond ring my friend if it makes you feel alright
Any way you'll never know
In my life, I love you more Though I know I'll never lose affection
You were only waiting for this moment to be free Blackbird fly, blackbird fly
She wouldn't dance with another
You were only waiting for this moment to arise Blackbird singing in the dead of night
Dragged a comb across my head
Measured out in you
I love you All together now
No one alerted you. I look at you all see the love there that's sleeping
Well, work it on out, honey
Can I have a little more
He knows that they're the fools
Goo goo g' joob Sitting in an English garden
Someday I'm going to make her mine Oh yeah,
Will you still need me, will you still feed me
And I'd have never been aware.
to get back home
You say "Goodbye" and I say "Hello, hello, hello".
That before too long
I wonder should I call you but I know what you would do You'd say I'm putting you on
Nah nah nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah, hey Jude
You can feel his disease
It's easy if you try
I never needed anybody's help in any way
Don't let me down, don't let me down Nobody ever loved me like she does
(Oh, yesterday) There are places I remember all my life
And Rocky collapsed in the corner Now the doctor came in, stinking of gin
I want somebody to love Would you believe in a love at first sight?
Love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you
Measured out in years
Something in the way she woos me
Made sure that she was dead. P. C. Thirty-one said, "We caught a dirty one."
Mm mm mm mm mm mm mm When I find myself in times of trouble, Mother Mary comes to me
They'd seen his face before
You know I believe and how You're asking me will my love grow
You'd love her to
Man you've been a naughty boy
You're such a lovely audience
I only give my situation
A girl with kaleidoscope eyes Cellophane flowers of yellow and green
Found my coat and grabbed my hat
Rocky didn't like that
(She love you, yeah, yeah, yeah)
In summer. Meanwhile back
Well you know I nearly broke down and died Oh! Darling, please believe me
Booked himself a room in the local saloon Rocky Raccoon checked into his room
They say it's your birthday
And Molly says this as she takes him by the hand [Chorus]
Painting testimonial pictures.
No one was saved All the lonely people
Indicate precisely what you mean to say
Eight days a week Is there anybody going to listen to my story
Whoa, love me do Love, love me do
Golden Slumbers fill your eyes
If you get too cold I'll tax the heat,
Oh, I believe in yesterday Why she had to go I don't know she wouldn't say
But when I get home to you I'll find the things that you do
and you know you should be glad Oo, she loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah
I never give you my number
Oh, you know I will Love you forever and forever
And we lived beneath the waves
Hu hey hu, hey, ah, yeah
And he never shows his feelings But the fool on the hill
One sweet dream came true today
I don't know, I don't know Something in the way she knows
Were in the next room at the hoe down
Could it be anybody?
Didn't anybody tell her?
I could stay with you.
Love is all you need (Yesterday)
Get back, get back, get back Once there was a way,
Dear Prudence won't you come out to play Dear Prudence open up your eyes
We've met, mm-mm-mm-di-di-di. Falling, yes I am falling,
I feel the wind blow
Late nights all alone with a test tube.
Love you, love you
Smiles await you when you rise
On my wall
Oh, she do me, yes, she does Don't let me down, don't let me down
You left me waiting here
Don't you know it's gonna last
But she doesn't have a lot to say
You'll let me be your man
In my life-- I love you more Blackbird singing in the dead of night
Of lovers and friends I still can recall
One thing I can say girl
Pride can hurt you too
Back in the US
You feel a fool
Can't buy me love, no no no, no Say you don't need no diamond ring and I'll be satisfied
Love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love.
A knock comes on the door. Bang! Bang! Maxwell's silver hammer
("How do you do sir")
Sharing all the world You, you may say I'm a dreamer
And then the fireman rushes in
See the world spinning round Well on the way
And though she feels as if she's in a play,
Monday morning, turning back
I didn't catch your name
I'm crying Sitting on a cornflake
Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away
Oh, you know I will
I have always thought that it's a crime,
That's all I want to say
The clouds will be a daisy chain
When she learns we are two
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, oh
Yes, you can indicate everything you see
Still you don't regret a single day
Sit back and let the evening go. Sgt. Pepper's lonely, Sgt. Pepper's lonely,
That is I think I disagree Let me take you down
Nobody was really sure
How to play the game
Dear Prudence won't you let me see you smile? Dear Prudence, won't you come out to play
Fill your eyes
I fell in love with her
It's all right Little darling, it's been a long cold lonely winter
The judge does not agree and he tells them
Buys a twenty carat golden ring
How could she say to me
See how they snide
I don't want to leave her now
Some are dead and some are living
It's easy. All you need is love, all you need is love,
Of dawn and dew There was love all around
Knows not where he's going to
In the land of submarines
I can never win
For a little peace of mind I'm so tired, I'm feeling so upset
It's a clean machine. Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes.
Once there was a way
And I'll try not to sing out of key Oh, I get by with a little help from my friends
I sit, and meanwhile back
Rocky burst in, and grinning a grin
Cut the cable, drop the cable
Goo goo goo g' joob
I mean it must be high or low
Nothing's gonna change my world Images of broken light, which
Get back, get back
Will you still be sending me a valentine, birthday greetings, bottle of wine?
Both of us thinking how good it can be
Making all his nowhere plans for nobody Doesn't have a point of view
No, no, no I'm so tired, I don't know what to do
But you know I know when it's a dream
She's cool, ooh, oo, oo, oo
Baby now
Strawberry Fields forever
Back to where you once belonged
Pick up the bags and get in the limousine
I tried so hard to leave her
And little children laugh at him behind his back.
When I think of love as something new
Who makes the News Of The World
He took your canary and he fed it to the neighbors cat
And I would be sad if our new love was in vain So I hope you see that I
She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah You think you've lost your love
Oh, she done me, she done me good Don't let me down, don't let me down
Will make me feel alright You know I work all day to get you money to buy you things
You'll let me hold your hand
It doesn't matter much to me Let me take you down
All you need is love, love. Love is all you need.
For fussing and fighting, my friend
Any jobber got the sack
Mundo pararazzi mi amore chicka ferdy parasol
With a couple of kids running in the yard
Jai Guru Deva
Ah look at all the lonely people Eleanor Rigby, died in the church
and I will sing a lullaby Once there was a way,
Shines around me like a million suns,
And you're gone Lucy in the sky with diamonds
Tonight, di-di-di-di'n'di. Falling, yes I am falling,
She worked at fifteen clubs a day
So, o, o, o" But when she turns her back on the boy,
I think you know by now
I'd love to turn you on Michelle, ma belle
Pools of sorrow waves of joy
Me back again. Oh, falling, yes I am falling,
You're gonna say you love me too
Well, you can indicate everything you see
Tuesday's on the phone to me
Hmm, going to try with a little help from my friends What do I do when my love is away
She is anyway. In Penny Lane the barber shaves another customer,
You and me burning matches
And we are all together
So why on earth should I moan, 'cause when I get you alone
Yeah, well since I saw her standing there Close your eyes and I'll kiss you
Dear Prudence see the sunny skies
But I just had to look
He one holy roller
I'll never make it alone
Oh, she done me, she done me good
And though the news was rather sad
See how they fly like Lucy in the sky
We're going home Dear Prudence, won't you come out to play
Desmond says to Molly girl I like your face
Shine until tomorrow, let it be
We're on our way home
Ah, girl, girl, girl She's the kind of girl who puts you down
Every one of us has all we need
Lead me to your door But still they lead me back
And tenderly
Better better better better better better, oh Nah nah nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah, hey Jude
One thing I can tell you is
But, oh, that magic feeling
Some kind of happiness is
While you see it your way,
He one spinal cracker
Turn my face to the wall
Nobody came
How do I feel by the end of the day
Hit young Rocky in the eye
Inciting and inviting me.
You know I feel ok When I'm home everything seems to be right
It's beautiful and so are you
Yes, she loves you
In an octopus' garden in the shade. We would be warm below the storm
If I love you too oh please
Dance You say it's your birthday
See the world spinning round He never listens to them
Look at him working, darning his socks
Will make me feel alright
Desmond stays at home and does his pretty face
I'd love to turn you on Woke up, fell out of bed
But I'm not the only one
Goo goo g' joob Mr. City policeman sitting
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
And then we lie, beneath a shady tree,
Please, please me, woah yeah, like I please you You don't need me to show the way, love
All my loving, all my loving
Edgar Allen Poe I am the eggman
What do you see when you turn out the light?
(Ho ho ho hee hee hee hah hah hah)
Though I know I'll never lose affection
And I'll be better, I'll be better, Doc, as soon as I am able" Now Rocky Raccoon, he fell back in his room
Oh, let me tell you honey Day after day
A four of fish and finger pies
There, running my hands through her hair
Will you still need me, will you still feed me, when I'm sixty-four? You'll be older too
They don't like him The fool on the hill
Say "Goodbye, goodbye, bye, bye".
And in the middle of the celebrations,
Elementary penguin singing Hare Krishna
Have you near me Bright are the stars that shine
Will never die
Teacher gets annoyed.
Here comes the sun, and I say
And I have missed things
Didn't get to bed last night
Made sure that she was dead. Back in school again Maxwell plays the fool again.
Good day sunshine.
He likes to keep his fire engine clean,
And the eyes in his head
Writing fifty times "I must not be
And he never seems to notice But the fool on the hill
If you don't want to pay some more
And in my hour of darkness she is standing right in front of me
See how they run
Well, you can syndicate any boat you row
With tangerine trees and marmalade skies
Jai Guru Deva Hey Jude, don't make it bad
I might have looked the other way
That is I think it's not too bad Let me take you down
Climbing up the Eiffel tower
Just sits around the house and plays the rock and roll music all night
And everywhere
He just do what he please He wear no shoeshine
If you're lonely, you can talk to me Big man (yeah) walking in the park
While my guitar gently weeps
What does he care All the lonely people
She could steal, but she could not rob
Yes we're going to a party party. I would like you to dance--Birthday
Gideon checked out, and he left it, no doubt
you know you should be glad
In the night when there's nobody there
Joa, oa, oa, oan?" But as she's getting ready to go,
Longer than the road that stretches out ahead Two of us wearing raincoats
Like this, di-di-di-di'n'di. Falling, yes I am falling,
In the state I'm in
Misunderstanding all you see
Guess you know it's true
See the world spinning round And nobody seems to like him
You stick around and it may show
You don't know how lucky you are, boys
And the band begins to play We all live in a yellow submarine
Run the risk of knowing that our love may soon be gone
For though they may be parted, there is still a chance that they will see
Get back to where you once belonged
Lived a man who sailed to sea
I may not have a lot to give but what I got I'll give to you
You say "Stop" and I say "Go, go, go".
Please, please me, woah yeah, like I please you I don't want to sound complaining
Dear Prudence like a little child
Pink brown yellow orange and blue
I love you
I want to hold your hand Don't let me down, don't let me down
La la how the life goes on
Yes, you could say that she's attractively built
It's all right Here comes the sun
I can't forget the time or place
I'm in love and it's a sunny day. Good day sunshine,
All the girls around her say she's got it coming
I love her and she's loving me.
Endless rain into a paper cup
For the things you do endear you to me
And it's worth it just to hear you say you're going to give me everything
Always shouts out something obscene
His rival it seems, had broken his dreams
I don't know why you say goodbye, I say hello. I say "High", you say "Low".
And though she tried her best to help me
Captain, captain) As we live a life of ease
They bought and sold you. I look at the world and I notice it's turning
Tres bien ensemble
I feel happy inside
All about the girl who came to stay?
Grandchildren on your knee
All the money's gone, nowhere to go
Feeling two foot small
There's one for you, nineteen for me
It's all right Little darling, the smiles returning to the faces
Measured out in miles
With lovers and friends I still can recall
Spending someone's
Well, you can penetrate any place you go
He got muddy water
From his hands as he walks from the grave
Into the light of the dark black night Blackbird fly, blackbird fly
You were perverted too
For a little peace of mind I'd give you everything I've got
In my life I loved you more
For people and things that went before
Look at me All together now
But she changes from day to day
'Cause I'm the taxman, yeah, I'm the taxman
Sunday morning go for a ride,
Every dime that he get is lost to the jukebox man
He blew his mind out in a car
Oh, when I saw her standing there Well she looked at me
When you told me you didn't need me anymore
Molly stays at home and does her pretty face
He say I know you, you know me
Protected by a silver spoon
Why leave me standing here
Help, not just anybody
My Michelle Penny Lane there is a barber showing photographs
Oh, oh, oh, oh. Rose and Valerie, screaming from the gallery
Look for the girl with the sun in her eyes
are you gonna be in my dreams tonight? Love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you
And crawled off to sleep in the bath And when I awoke I was alone
You're gonna say you love me too,
Mine for evermore
Yeah, love me do
But he knew it wouldn't last
We talked until two and then she said
The movement you need is on your shoulder
To get back homeward
That you are part of everything
Is not enough to show I care Ooh I need your love, babe
Sitting in his nowhere land
It's easy.
Doing the garden, digging the weeds,
carry that weight for a long time Oh yeah, all right,
You know I feel alright... Love, love me do
Knowing that love is to share
Love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you And in the end,
She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah
In the morning and started to laugh
Are you sad because you're on your own? No, I get by with a little help from my friends
He got toe jam football
Ah, ah, ah, ah She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah
In an octopus' garden in the shade
I need my love to be here Here, making each day of the year
And no religion, too Imagine all the people
You were made to go out and get her
All right!
I'll never do you no harm
That leads to your door
Owww Can't buy me love, everybody tells me so
Oh, yesterday came suddenly Why she had to go I don't know she wouldn't say
I'll never do you no harm If I fell in love with you
He got joo joo eyeballs
Head in a cloud
Nowhere man don't worry
About a lucky man who made the grade
I'll never let you down
Where we just met.
Look around round round
Till there was you
The man with the foolish grin
We'd all love to see the plan
In my life I loved them all And with all these friends and lovers
He won't do nothing right just sitting down and look so good
For well you know that it's a fool who plays it cool
Hearing them, seeing them
All my loving, darling I'll be true Close your eyes and I'll kiss you
Watching their eyes and hoping I'm always there I will be there
My Michelle
Yes, you can celebrate anything you want
And let me know that you're mine
Dripping from a dead dog's eye
Penny Lane! Jojo was a man who thought he was a loner
You better free you mind instead But if you go carrying pictures of chairman Mao
I wake up to the sound of music, Mother Mary comes to me
All the lonely people
Are ringing through my opened ears
Love you all the time Hold me, love me, hold me, love me
Someone is speaking, but she doesn't know he's there I want her everywhere
So let me see you smile again
From standing in the English rain I am the eggman
After all this time I don't know why
And I will sing a lullaby. You say it's your birthday
We take a walk, the sun is shining down,
You don't know how lucky you are, boy
But every now and then I feel so insecure
And if I say the word,
And all the people that come and go
In my life I loved you more Let me take you down
Skip the rope bompa bom
Bup-a-lup-bup! Falling, yes I am falling,
Hela, heba, helloa. Hela, heba, helloa. Hela, heba, helloa. I once had a girl
Where do they all belong? Father McKenzie, writing the words
Ah Picture yourself on a train in a station
"Can I take you out to the pictures,
Whisper words of wisdom, let it be And when the night is cloudy there is still a light that shines on me
Nothing you can make that can't be made.
Girl, girl, girl Was she told when she was young
Oh now I roll a stoney
Gather round all you clowns
Molly lets the children lend a hand
Believe me when I tell you
Hey you've got to hide your love away How can I even try?
And I love her, ooh You say "Yes", I say "No".
La la how the life goes on Desmond takes a trolley to the jeweler's store
But I never heard it singing
In Penny Lane there is a fireman with an hourglass,
Are you going to be in my dreams tonight?
(John) She's coming in the house
She never stops; she's a go-getter
Get back Jojo, go home Get back, get back
They leave the west behind
Until I find a way
And nothing to get hung about
Whisper words of wisdom, let it be
Oh, come on
I would like you to dance--Birthday
Well, I saw her yesterday-yi-yay
Quando paramucho mi amore defelice corazon
If I fell in love with you I'm so tired, I haven't slept a wink
(Paul) Oh, look out!
Sail the ship Bompa bom
We can work it out Think of what you're saying
He got early warning
Stating point of view
And if somebody loved me like she do me
Possessing and caressing me. Jai Guru Deva. Om
Look at you all
If she's gone I can't go on
It's a love that lasts forever
Limitless undying love, which
Whoa, love me do
You can talk to me
These are words that go together well
And I will sing a lullaby
I know you never even try, girl
No one comes near
There lived a young boy named Rocky Raccoon
So I lit a fire
Is equal to the love you make
Made sure that he was dead. Whoa, oh, oh, oh.
Isn't he a bit like you and me?
Give me your answer, fill in a form
It's getting hard to be someone
Can I bring my friend to tea
And Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. To lead a better life
And got myself a steady job
Will never disappear
You want so much it make you sorry
In my life I loved you more And I know I'll never lose affection
Ah, la, la, la, la Doesn't have a point of view
I sit, and meanwhile back.
Mean Mr. Mustard sleeps in the park
She Came In Through The Bathroom Window
Once there was a way,
Get to the barber shop and get that hair cut off your head
Dear Prudence, greet the brand new day
Takes him out to look at the queen
You have found her, now go and get her
When I think of love as something new And I know I'll never lose affection
You let your knickers down I am the eggman
Will you still need me, will you still feed me when I'm sixty-four? Oh yeah I tell you somethin'
Try to see it my way,
Soon we'll be away from here
Oh, I believe in yesterday
Don't hurt my pride like her 'Cause I couldn't stand the pain
Man, I had a dreadful flight
The English Army had just won the war
That I don't need no other lover
Hope you need my love babe
Two of us Sunday driving
Lead me to you door The wild and windy night
We can work it out Life is very short, and there's no time
Hela, heba, helloa. Hela, heba, helloa. Hela, heba, helloa.
Will I wait a lonely lifetime?
I never give you my pillow
He come groovin' up slowly
And these mem'ries lose their meaning
Sont les mots qui vont tres bien ensemble
Isn't it good Norwegian wood? Well, shake it up baby now
Me, woah yeah, like I please you Let me tell you how it will be
You can get it wrong and still you think that it's alright
Happy birthday to you. Because the world is round it turns me on
That pain would lead to pleasure
Of every head he's had the pleasure to know.
If this is love you've got to give me more
Well, I knew what I could not say
Though some have changed
Boy, you've been a naughty girl
Five six seven eight nine ten
So I will ask you once again
It's you she's thinking of
Somebody spoke and I went into a dream I read the news today, oh boy
Of Desmond and Molly Jones Happy ever after in the market place
Dirty old man
Oh no.
(Oh yeah)
Whoa, oh, love me do Good day sunshine,
Well, you can imitate everyone you know
And, if you say the word, I could stay with you I could be handy, mending a fuse, when your lights have gone
Crying for the day
He got feet down below his knee
But I never heard them ringing
Nowhere man please listen
Crabalocker fishwife
Ah Love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love. There's nothing you can do that can't be done.
We shall scrimp and save
Here, there and everywhere I've just seen a face,
I know that I just need you like I've never done before Help me if you can, I'm feeling down
Science in the home.
(Maxwell must go free)
Get a dose of her in jackboots and kilt
See how they run like pigs from a gun
Me back again. I've just seen a face,
I can't hide
Twist and shout
Now it looks as though they're here to stay
carry that weight for a long time I never give you my pillow,
Where do they all belong? Well she was just seventeen
Came down upon her head.
No one there to tell us what to do
We're going home You and I have memories
And when I ask you to be mine,
Love you, love you And in the end, the love you take
Shaves in the dark, tryin to save paper
and you know you should be glad She said you hurt her so
Lends you a hand
All right, all right, all right You say you'll change the constitution
You know you twist, little girl
When I crossed that room
Oh I do a road hog
She showed me her room
Drinking her wine
I can see them laugh at me
So one day he walked into town
Vera Chuck&Dave;
You know you look so good
Don't run and hide
Somebody calls you, you answer quite slowly
That she keeps in a jar by the door
Well, he put some tacks on teachers chair
And in the middle of investigation I break down
Smiles awake you when you rise
Get back to where you once belonged Get back, get back
On the way the paper bag was on my knee
We're gonna have a good time
And, in The End
Someone like you Love, love me do
Rocky had come, equipped with a gun
I'll get to you somehow
It's all right Sun, sun, sun, here it comes
I'm so tired, my mind is on the blink
Where rocking horse people eat marshmallow pies
I'll always be true
Living for today... Imagine there's no countries
A long long time ago
What makes you think you're
Give me your answer, fill in a form, mine forever more
I am the walrus
In the Isle of Wight, if it's not too dear
And the world will be as one Imagine no possessions
I'm crying
I'll get you anything my friend if it makes you feel alright
Making all his nowhere plans for nobody
Can't you see, can't you see That when I tell you that I love you, oh,
You know I'd give you everything I've got
Come on, come on, come, come on baby now
You say "Why?" And I say "I don't know".
Chop the tree bompa bom
And I'll send all my loving to you All my loving, I will send to you
Where do they all come from?
Little darling, it seems like years since it's been clear
They've been going in and out of style
If the sun don't come you get a tan
Behind the shelter in the middle of the roundabout
That Georgia's always on my my my my my my my my my mind
Quiet
Did she understand it when they said
If I'd been out till quarter to three.
Will you still need me, will you still feed me, when I'm sixty-four? Every summer we can rent a cottage
All you need is love, all you need is love,
If you're lonely, you can talk to me Hey hey Roar Hey, bulldog (hey bulldog) Woof Hey, bulldog
Nothing's gonna change my world Jai Guru Deva
And that she will cry
It's a love that had no past Don't let me down, don't let me down
I want somebody to love Oh, I get by with a little help from my friends
'Cause he's so hard to see
Man, you should have seen them kicking
They are the eggmen
And if you saw my love
But now she sucks her thumb and wonders
Is keeping perfectly still
Just like I know you would Well, shake it up baby now
Yes, you should see Polythene Pam
But she was another man
All my life, though some have changed
There will be an answer, let it be
Sleep, pretty darling; do not cry
Gee, it's good to be back home
And the banker never wears a mac
Hmm, going to try with a little help from my friends
Desmond lets the children lend a hand
I'm so proud to know that she is mine. Good day sunshine,
I want to hold your hand And when I touch you
Who could ask for more.
That Georgia's always on my my my my my my my my my mind Oh, show me round your snow peaked
I've seen that road before
Full speed ahead it is, Sergeant.
Remember I'll always be true
Till there was you There were birds in the sky
Would love to love you
Only to find Gideon's Bible
Having read the book
Declare the pennies on your eyes
We'd like to take you home with us
He got monkey finger
Believe me when I beg you
In the Isle of Wight if it's not too dear
But it all works out
Woo, all my loving, I will send to you It's been a hard day's night, and I been working like a dog
Pornographic priestess
So how could I dance with another,
Here come the Sun King
That grow so incredibly high Newspaper taxis appear on the shore
I wonder should I get up and fix myself a drink
But it's no joke, it's doing me harm
See the world spinning round Oh You Never Give Me Your Money
Indicate precisely what you mean to say, yours sincerely, wasting away
Nothing's gonna change my world Sounds of laughter, shades of life
Can't buy me love When I get older losing my hair,
From the pouring rain - very strange. Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes.
Why do I always have to say, love
Little darling, it feels like years since it's been here
Just like I need you Hold me, love me, hold me, love me
Everyone smiles as you drift past the flowers
Many years from now.
And I do appreciate you being round
Whisper words of wisdom, let it be And when the broken hearted people living in the world agree
We're doing what we can But if you want money for people with minds that hate
As long as I
Waiting for the van to come
We can work it out,
But it's all right
We've met, mm-mm-mm-m'mm-mm Had it been another day
Let it be, let it be, let it be, yeah, let it be
You know you got me goin' now
She's killer-diller when she's dressed to the hilt
Each one believing that love never dies
Making all his nowhere plans for nobody Now somewhere in the Black Mountain Hills of Dakota
Ah Follow her down to a bridge by a fountain
Each and every day
Of a sermon that no one will hear
E F G H I J
And in the evening she still sings it with the band [Chorus] In a couple of years they have built
I told you so All I want is you
You know what I mean
Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes.
Back in the USSR
I love you, I love you, I love you
Me back again. Falling, yes I am falling,
Someone to love
You know I believe and how Somewhere in her smile she knows
Whisper words of wisdom, let it be Words are flowing out like
Came down upon his head.
And looking up I noticed I was late
Sleep pretty darling, do not cry
He got walrus gumboot
I love you A B C D
Lifting latches On our way back home
See how they fly
But they're guaranteed to raise a smile. So may I introduce to you
Yellow submarine, yellow submarine Who knows how long I've loved you
I don't care too much for money, money can't buy me love Can't buy me love, everybody tells me so
Say he must go free
How to be you in time
I wonder if you can
Step on the gas and wipe that tear away
You were only waiting for this moment to arise
In our yellow submarine We all live in a yellow submarine
That I would love everything that you do; and I do,
They had to count them all
is equal to the love you make,
To listen to your fears You can talk to me
Talking perfectly loud But nobody ever hears him
Everybody's laughing
Do I have to keep on talking till I can't go on?
No hell below us
Yes it did (na, na)