Just like a chick in the casino
I wanna be there Why do we gotta tell each other how to live?
(Muh muh muh muh) I wanna roll with him a hard pair we will be
No one's perfect
Boy I can't forget the way you were with me
Sit back down on the couch where we made love the first time
So why do we gotta put each other down
Or selling out a masterpiece
Think you're really hot hot I know you think you're special
Ale-ale-jandro Stop, please,
At this point I've gotta choose
But something tells me that I've seen him, yeah He's a monster m-m-m-monster
When I lay in bed I touch myself and think of you Last night
On a Wednesday en el verano en agosto I don't speak your, I don't speak your language, oh no (la-la-la-la-la-la-la))
Don't be a drag, just be a queen
Yeah something about baby you and I You and I
Let's keep it naughty (Making love in my Sexxx dreams)
I got my headset
You breakin' my focus, boy, you cute and you ballin'
Without you and I It's been a long time since I came around
We both know things don't work that way
Aura-a-a-a Aura-a-a-a I'm not a wandering slave
Do you just avoid the guilt
I'll lie down face up guy (G. U.Y.) (achtzehn)
I like it, like it -Chorus, 2x- Na-na-na come on, come on
Some asshole broke me in
Cuz when I miss your call
I come alive
Then I met someone
But she still does her dance
You've got a trunk full of gold
For the weekend
I'm gonna heal you anyway
Take your bank before I pay you out
(He was kinda nasty) Help me here
Alejandro
Rain on me a million
And can you go a little faster?! Three am, Mustang speedin'
Put your hands up, make 'em touch, touch
And is your punch line just a joke? I'll never talk again
For just one Brooklyn Night adieu Huh oh
Just like you used to be
And I'll undress you Give it tight, sometimes the simplest move is right
I'm a hit it, I'm a hit it and flex until the 'till done until tomorrow yeah. Shawty I can see that you got so much energy,
And it involves some heavy touching, yeah
I'm your leader
Won't sign away my life to
Denim or black
And we're all gettin' hosed tonight.
'Cause it's you and me
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo If you want me
Paint your face and
Oh I will hate myself until I die My heart would break without you
A gypsy, a gypsy, a gypsy
I thought that baby you were done
Know, you wear my make-up well I'm gonna wear the towel, the power to leave you
With my hands, hands,
Uh, uh, uh, ah, uh
My heart is a dancer beating like a disco drum oh oh uh oh
This could be love
And I will be all yours tonight
Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch
You see
Ha-ooh-wow? H-ow? Wow And after all the drinks and bars that we've been to
In the glass of her boudoir There's nothin' wrong with lovin' who you are
I'm wrapped in silks made for Egyptian queens
In the religion of the insecure
Uh, girl bounce that ass
And in the silence of the night
She wanna be man cured
Do what you want (with my body)
Baby, I was born this way
Ultra sexual, the night has got me love sprung
I just need a little guidance Tell me something that'll save me
But I just can't be with you like this anymore
'Cause I'm a wandering man, he said to me And what about our future plans?
A superwoman chick, you know that I am
I'll turn away, I'll turn away, I'll turn away And think of different ways to keep my spirits up
If you're wondering, know that I'm not sorry
'Cause all these niggas geeky
Come on, come on The night, the night, the night
I want it bad, bad romance I want your love and
GaGa Boy we've had a real good time and
'Cause I wanna be there
Run it back with original flavor
Diana, you're still in our hearts
Don't want no paper gangsta Don't want no paper gangsta
Mistaken for love, it wasn't love
Damn, you were in my Sexxx dreams (You were in my)
But then I trip over myself and I fall
How I feel
Who are you gonna follow?
Bless my homeland forever. Climb ev'ry mountain
I'm so starstruck I'm so starstruck
Trouble like a mug shot
I want it bad
As long as it's free
Rinse and curl your hair
You were a perfect illusion I don't need eyes to see
Look what that rainbow did Ra pa pam pam, ra pa pam pam
I know I will hear
I hear you screaming, is it because of pleasure or toil? Dance, sex, art, pop, tech
American, I'm gypsy I
I tell em
I sink in and then I'm okay eh,
Ale-ale-jandro (2) Dont bother me
Been a long time but I'm back in town
Caught up in your show
I got lost in your brown eyes In your brown eyes
Make sure you look your best
Da-da-doo-doo just dance, gonna be okay.
We could be caught (I just want this to be perfect)
I need something sacred from you
I wonder if this could be love
And I'm sippin' that bub,
Tomorrow when I run into you (Making love in my Sexxx dreams) [iTunes Festival Bridge]
In your brown eyes, couldn't stay
Put your hands up, make 'em touch, touch A-R-T-P-O-P [Verse 1]
Don't bother me, Alejandro
But I won't cry anymore
Gaga ooh-la-la!
Live passionately tonight I'm gonna marry the dark
I'd give anything again to be your baby doll
Those Brooklyn Nights set us free. I always thought even though,
Bang bang, you hit the ground
Make up on your face
Stop callin', stop callin'
I simply remember my favorite things
Early morning, longer nights
What you want with my body [Chorus: Lady Gaga]
But I won't stop until that boy is mine
Oh, darling don't you leave me Hey girl, hey girl
Because I just love the music not the bling
Dance, sex, art, pop, tech Do you wanna see me naked, lover?
I am a winner I'm gonna marry the night
Never gonna close our eyes Hey there summer boy
Anything you want could not be wrong So baby tell me yes
Remembering me, before it began
Roses have thorns they say.
(He was kind of nasty)
Oh m-m-marry m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry the night Nothing's too cool
And my lashes are falling
As long as your mine
And how I lost you
Show me your teeth teeth, teeth, teeth
It's the only one I know
(We're dancing in the studio)
Can rescue you? A hybrid can withstand these things
Drop it, drop it, drop it
Turn you into a star, I got it like that
And we dance down the bowery
Give it up just let your body,
She's a mean and crazy dita disco diva... and you wonder:
Could I give it all up for you? And after all the boys and the girls that we've been through
'Cause I got it covered, city gravy southern
without telling you that baby youre great.
It's always harder the second time around I'm so unpredictable
Ah oh a king with no crown, king with no crown I'm just a holy fool, oh baby it's so cruel
You and me could write a bad romance Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh!
But you're giving me a million reasons
ARTPOP, ARTPOP
Honey, baby is so sexy that he should win an Oscar
To sing through the night
Control your poison babe
Don't want no paper gangsta Got something really shiny to start
You don't know what to think
Ass so fat,
Now he's gonna fire fight, gotta cool the bad You know that I love you boy
In the corner of my bar with your high heels on
And I want you to love me for who I am
My martini glistens, yeah
Not to feel so insecure
Girl you look good enough to eat
(But I feel you watchin' me)
Its not that I'm really over it, you know (you know)
My artpop could mean anything [Chorus]
Have a little summer fun
Bang bang, I used to shoot you down
'Cause when you fall, you gotta get up
Don't get mad, can't blame a tramp
And I know that you may love me,
But I think with you I can spend my life
You you and I
I'll lay down face up this time, under you like a G. U.Y. I wanna be that guy (G. U.Y.)
Guess he wants to play, wants to play
You've left me speechless, so speechless
What you want will make us cleaner
S, S, S & M, M, M
Just want touch you for a minute
Before the end of this song Young, wild, American
Baby let's get high, John Wayne So I go to the eye
Uranus!
What do you wanna do? You got your cigarette
Can you feel it, can you feel it, can you feel it
Even after three times he betrays me
Pussies is throbbin'
Love me love me, please retweet
But it's as good as, good as, good as, good as gold Got a baby sister who looks just like me
To the verse
See you anymore can't wait to see you soar Girl, where do you think you're goin'?
Can't you give me what I'm needin', needin'
Do you need a dose of truth?
But it's as good as, good as, good as, good as gold
Don't call my name
Out the box, out of line
The story of us, it always starts the same
G-R-E-A-T, its all that you can be. 'Cause when I'm with you, I fall apart,
Oh oh oh oh oh without the Scheiße yeah Ich schleiban austa be clair, es kumpent üske monstère,
Put it up
He didn't even say goodbye
Doing really nasty things (you were in my dreams)
Oh boy, why you so speechless?
Put on red highlights
Son of Aphrodite
Da-da-doo-doo just dance, spin that record babe.
I would fall apart (apart)
Making love in my sex dreams (4x) [Verse 2]
About a million reasons If I had a highway, I would run for the hills
I don't really care... care... care (feel it in the air... yeah [Chorus]
I've been trying to tell you how I feel
I don't speak your, I won't speak your Jesús Cristo (la-la-la-la-la-la-la) Ah ah ah ah ah America Americano, ah ah ah ah ah America Americano
You always thought it was me.
I wanna be your G.U.Y.
Sex in the air, I don't care, I love the smell of it
Donatella (I'm smokin em on full tank of gas)
Le monde est témoin
Can't read my,
And oh my god
The best time of the year
Don't forget my lipstick I left it in your ashtray
Fantasize I'm the track that you're tweakin'
Step into the room
A little gambling is fun when you're with me (I love it)
Walk-walk fashion baby, work it move that bitch crazy
I'll just keep go-go'n
Baby, you're the greatest to me,
Catch the beat
Zip me up, it can't be wrong
Yeah 'cause you're my
If you likin' this position you can tape it
A new designer dress
A Brooklyn Night affair. [Chorus]
I wanna take a ride on your disco stick I wanna kiss you
(Uh huh, uh huh)
Can you handle it?
You make my heart stop Hey girl, can you hear me?
(Help me here)
So I'm gon' leave my number on your video phone
Till your diamond words melted into some ice You should been rapping to the beat of my song Mr. California,
Just let me go Alejandro,
Latin American, I don't speak German but I try
Dance together
Your just a pig inside a human body
He's a wolf in disguise
I'm not your babe, Fernando
And you won't use my mind but
But I'm still in love with Judas baby Whoa whoa I'm in love with Juda-as, Juda-as
I'm a soldier to my own emptiness
Put my coat on faster
You got ripped jeans
Express your woman-kind fight for your right When I am on a mission
I've got a hundred million reasons to walk away
Believe capital H-I-M
Heart, I'll wait on mountain tops in Paris cold
Duh-duh-duh dance, dance, dance, just dance Half psychotic sick-hypnotic
Swine Be that
That boy is a monster er-er-er-er Silicone, saline, poison inject me
It's like that I've stopped breathing, but completely aware
I am beyond repentance
He called, I cried, we broke
Just to feel your love
It isn't hell if everybody knows my name tonight alright, alright It's time to feel the rush to push the dangerous
I'm busy, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
I just need a little guidance
Together we'll both find a way
The night, the night I wanna hold 'em like they do in Texas plays
But I got a reason that you-hoo should take me home tonight I need a man that makes it right when it's so wrong
ARTPOP, ARTPOP Free my mind, ARTPOP
Purple teardrops I cry it don't have a price
Paper gangsta and I'm lookin' for love, not an
Left her in the trunk on highway ten
Are you in the game?
And bust this pussy
Supportin you
Let me be the girl under you that makes you cry I wanna be that guy (G. U.Y.)
Funk me downtown I fool myself
Music is all I need. Baby, I just wanna dance
(Aah) you were a perfect illusion
The moon lights her way while she's howlin' at him
Hey babe,
I buy him a dashiki
I pay for college
If we don't figure this out Come to mama (come onto me)
(On my video phone) Them hustlas like my fashion (You wanna video me?)
A love game, a love game Hold me and love me
Now show me your fangs Tell me something that'll save me
There's a change I'm here to see
All the love you can give
When you're gone I'll still be bloody Mary Gaga, Gaga, Gaga, Gaga, Gaga, Gaga, Gaga, Gaga
(Aah) it was a perfect illusion
Babe Last time I thought we had this talk
I'm singin' dancin' in circles, feels good to be lonely Tap down those boots while I beat around
Caught in a bad romance
Nobody saw it coming, but the little red devil in me
She wanna be take care'n of (man cured)
Put your hands up, make 'em touch, touch (Make it real loud)
And this is my prayer, I swear
Of Waikii-i-i-i-i (Chorus)
When the bee stings
Too cold for you to keep her
Married to the stars!
(Muh muh muh muh) (She is gonna let nobody) P p p poker face, p p p poker face
Some shit don't fly by me in a man 'Cause I do not accept any less
I don't do funny business
So I grin and my voice gets thin Girl, where do you think you're goin'?
I might not be flawless, but you know
Show me your teeth
You've indicated your interest, I'm educated in sex, yes
This feels so good, it can't be wrong
I am a hair, yeah
How (my religion is you) Help need a man
I wanna see you there
I'm kinda busy Just a second
Every song it hears My heart wants to beat
Na-na-na, come on
out of control, (Verse 2 (Nicki Minaj):)
They all tell you that freedom must be bought
I gotta diamond heart Diamond heart Eh-eh, eh-eh ye-ha, ye-ha
Ale-ale-jandro Don't call my name,
Married to the night
So why do we gotta tell each other how to live?
Just know that
Aus-be aus-can-be flaugen, fräulein uske-be clair I'll take you out tonight do whatever you like
Now the pain is for pleasure, 'cause nothing can measure
I wanna see that ass go
I'll get him hot, show him what I've got Can't read my,
Got my blueprint electronic Go, use your muscle carve it out work it, hustle
And now I want it bad, want it bad
I own the world, we own the world Look at me now!
But in the bedroom the size of him's more than enough Do you wanna see me naked, lover?
I'm feelin' something kinda crazy.
I'm not your babe, Fernando Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch
But was never very smart
And when something falls out of place
I won't crucify the things you do do do
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo Follow me
I was born this way, hey
Dum dum da da da da da da
When you fall asleep inside my arms
C'mon baby, do you have a girlfriend?
Don't think too much just bust that kick
The truth will be the winner tonight Red one lady gaga haha baby baby baby baby i anit gonna runaway runaway run run run run away
Love Game intuition play the cards with spades to start
'Cause I'm bluffing with my muffin
My lashes are dry
Da da doo doo just dance spin that record babe.
I've got my summer-summer boy. Cherry cherry, boom boom
I am what I am
Why you so speechless? Oh oh oh I'll undress you, 'cause you're tired
Snap snap to
Or other kind of ways to be
Baby cause you blow my heart up
We're rock glamorous
She's a tramp she's a vamp
You amaze me He ate my heart, he a-a-ate my heart (You little monster)
Fashion!
Ma ma ma manicured
Meet me, meet me baby in a safe place
My Christmas tree is delicious
M-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry the night
You popped my heart seams
Don't stop
I gotta diamond heart Good thing I know what I'm worth
My guessing game is strong
I I I I I I don't speak German I I I but I can if you like
I'll follow you until you love me
You've left me speechless, so speechless I can't believe how you slurred at me
(Eh, eh) I wish you never looked at me that way
I need you more than dope
Bass kicking so hot blazing through my beating heart
Don't call my name, bye, Fernando
Not interested in fakers Don't want no paper gangsta
Cause they're brown eyes and you never know
Oh friend you've left me speechless
Is underneath my Christmas tree Light me up put me on top, let's falalalalalalala
Said "Boy now get your paws right off me" I asked my girlfriend if she'd seen you round before
When I'm feeling sad
(For life)
Do what you want, what you want with my body
(She is gonna let nobody) P p p poker face, p p p poker face
I know we could be great for tonight
Maybe this time, I'll be yours you'll be mine
Heard your boyfriend was away this weekend
Take me to your planet (to the planet)
Check this hand cause I'm marvelous Can't read my,
And I am sick and tired
Out in the club, and I'm sippin' that bub
But baby it's the last show
It's an addiction such an eruption
I need to heal the way you make me feel I'm gon' be manicured
You were so perfect
'Cause I'll be dancin' 'Cause I'll be dancin'
New York is not just a tan
K-kinda busy
And now you won't stop calling me
(Not another word from you)
(That shit on the radio)
I hold my whiskey up high
Too hot for you to leave her
Oh oh oh oh oh without the Scheiße yeah I don't speak German, but I can if you like
Show me your teeth, show me your teeth
Where are my keys, I lost my phone.
You you and I You and I
(I wanna take a ride on your disco stick) Let's play a love game, play a love game
How could you know 'Til it happens to you, you don't know
Cause you on my receiver
You saying that you want me?
A-yo
Knock me over
Love it when you call me legs
I was born to survive No matter black, white or beige
Touch, touch now ooh ooh ooh ooh I live for the applause, applause, applause
You wanna be man cured
I'm on the edge with you
Way too real to be wrong
Its not that I don't want to love you
Do what you want (with my body) [Bridge: Lady Gaga]
Ra pa pam pam, ra pa pam pam Light me up put me on top, let's falalalalalalala
Help me hold my hair back
I own the world, we own the world! Look at me now!
Said, "Baby, why do we love each other?"
Promise I'll be the cure (be the cure) Rub your feet, your hands, your legs
Anything
Hot like Mexico, rejoice
I take my time I put it back
Shut your mouth, sip on that TEA! It's been so long
Gaga in the room. So starstruck cherry cherry cherry cherry boom boom. Rollin' up to the club on the weekend
She's so rich, and so blonde
Got my ass squeezed by sexy Cupid
I'm not you're babe, Alejandro
Behind the aura, behind the curtain, behind the burga Yeah man, play that New York drum, Homer
Need someone to say me he loveth me. Give it up
I just speak in future tense
Versace promises I will, Dolce Vita What do you wanna wear this spring?
And you're not gonna reach my telephone Call when you want
I'm wearing you still
No need to convince me anymore
I'm in charge like a G. U.Y.
Hey girl, hey girl
The girl under you, G.U.Y. Achtzehn, sechzen
A-yo A-yo
But darlin', don't you leave me
I need you more than dope Toast one last puff
Eh-eh, eh-eh aha-aha Happy in the club with a bottle of red wine
(Let's have some fun, this beat is sick)
There's no way I'm turning back
'Cause I need you just the same
Perfume your neck and slip your high heels on
And I can see it written on your face,
Aus-be aus-can-be flaugen, fräulein uske-be clair Now there's objectified
It's just that I can't watch us bleed to death
Swine I don't speak German but I can if you like (ow) Ich schleiban austa be clair, es kumpent üske monstère,
Hands above my head
Can I just like, hang off the back of your horse
But baby, I just need one good one to stay Baby I'm bleedin', bleedin'
Because I'm best when I'm In love, and i'm in love with you
(For anyone)
Just that things got so complica- eh eh
Making love in my sex dreams
Just put your paws up
I done seen you before what you got on them big rims
How did they get there, jerk?
My bitches yeah they drop it
So hold your head up,
Someone I know could love and save me from myself
Happens to you, happens to you
Squeeze, tease me, please me, that's what I said
Mistaken for love (where are you 'cause I can't see)
Voodoo, Voodoo, Voo-Don-Na-Na Check it out, take it in
And I smell your cologne in the air
So baby, turn the record on
Need a fire so hot that it burns me so.
Just want your sex (want your sex)
Show me your teeth, teeth, teeth, teeth Cherry cherry, boom boom
Tailor these clothes to fit your guilt, what's your size?
Get a spray tan on Holiday, in Taipei What do you wanna wear this spring?
And meet me in my boudoir
Looking good and feeling fine Fashion!
It's the way that you love and treat your mother" Thought that I would be alone forever
Your bad romance I want your love and
If only fame had an IV, baby could I bear
I know just what I'm wantin'
Sometimes I'm scared I suppose
Everyone tells him he should work a little harder (hey man get to work, catch up)
Won't know how it feels You tell me hold your head up
Ive got to go oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Give me that thing that I love (Turn the lights on)
'Cause this dance is on you One, five, ten, lay a million on me
I don't speak your, I won't speak your Jesús Cristo (la-la-la-la-la-la-la)
I do a trick
Because I lost my only friend
Baby now that were alone gotta request
Man cure!
I have cried for, I will die for how I care (la-la-la-la-la-la-la)
Show me your teeth, teeth, teeth, teeth Got no salvation (no salvation)
(I'm a rich bitch, I'm the upper class)
and make sure that you shine. Cher and Lady Gaga:
For something he don't have
I'm not your babe,
And when, youre feeling like you're not enough,
Baby you gave up, you gave up I can't believe how you looked at me
Hair, hair, ha-ha-ha-hair Free as my hair, hair, hair
Tearin' up the gravel, watch you unravel
I'm so starstruck
If you ever let me go
Say what you want about me
Don't call my name,
There's only three men that I am a certain my whole life
(Uh huh, uh huh) to be I just wanna be myself
In a modern ecstasy I'm over the show
That shit's is ugly
Speed it up now go slow
You wanna video me? (Can you handle it?)
Meet me at electric chapel
Brooklyn Nights happy. [Verse 2]
But maybe I'll just clean the shit off these fancy shoes
Tell me that you need me
Oh, you're breaking up on me
You sayin' that you want me
That the world is gonna bend Happy in the club with a bottle of red wine
A-yo a-yo
I'm not your babe
Sometimes I think that we could just be friends
Two lovers, headed for a dead end
'Cause I left everyone I love at home And I don't wanna be alone forever
'Cause soon I'm breaking out of here Young, wild, American
Hollerin' over, rubber spinnin'
Eh-eh, eh-eh aha-aha I am as vain as I allow I do my hair
For my heart to quit it Let's have some fun, this beat is sick
(*vomits and giggles*) [Chorus 3]
All I can say is eh, eh Greetings from Eros
Said goodbye to family and friends
Vierzehn
What you want with my body, girl
'Cause when he's lookin', she falls apart
Lay back, and feast as this audio guides you through new and exciting positions I wanna be the girl under you (oh yeah)
Now show me your fangs (my religion is you)
She won't walk away but she won't look back
Yeah yeah
Wish I had the faith, but I don't know, oh Hear my sinner's prayer
I've had enough, this is my prayer
Do what I want
But it's time to say goodbye so
I'm busy, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
Bangkok, Australia, Malaysia
I cut lines, you wait you turn
Around you You know that I love you boy
I am a woman of choice
You're giving me a million reasons to quit the show
The affliction of the feeling leaves me wanting more. -chorus-
Love is great, love is fine
Don't look at me like that
I'm gonna burn a hole in the road
I'm a warrior queen
You say you love my bag, and the color of my nails
Slay, slay
And smile at all the new strange I meet And pick up unique style, I'll kick around today
You're just a pig inside Swine
We rode on horses made of sticks
About a million reasons And if you say something that you might even mean
All these bitches,
You like it when I shake it?
Got no religion (no religion)
Swine
Throw on some leather and cruise
What you want with my body, world
Cause baby Im sure that loving you has made me better,
No, no, no, no I'm living on the edge of
Tonight, tonight, tonight Don't shoot
From you, from you, 'cause you don't know 'Til it happens to you, you don't know
I'd rather die
You could turn a stone
(Last night) Our lovers quarrel (I was thinking about you)
Don't be sad when the sun goes down
Baby, for life Would you go with me?
Hustla keep on talkin'
Na-na-na, na-na, come on
Want your bad romance Rah rah ah-ah-ah!
I'm gonna marry, marry
If you break my heart
Doin' the love game
You just had a salad today, Boulangerie
Goddess of love, please take me to your leader
Baby, I'm a free bitch, I'm a free bitch Some girls won't dance to the beat of the track
The final act of life will be my own hands to do,
We're talkin' the same old shit after all of these years Come to mama
I see you on that pole
Better get a good look baby
If you want me you can watch me on your video phone Uh, uh, uh, ah, uh
But I can be tonight, tonight 'Cause I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm
But everything is over
I just wanna be myself
Do you wanna see the girl who lives behind the aura
Eh-eh, eh-eh ye-ha, ye-ha
Some of us just like to read One second I'm a kunst
I want your design
-chorus- -chorus-
She looks good but her boyfriend says she's a tramp
Donatella, Donatella
I'm kinda busy K-kinda busy
(All the glory that I bare)
I'm on the edge with you Another shot before we kiss the other side
And I will give you everything
Take me to your leader (to the planet)
Somewhere nice we can be alone
Maybe then we'd both tell the truth
She's a mess she's a mess (Tell 'em, girls) Baby loves to dance in the dark
Jesus is my virtue and Judas is the demon I cling to I cling to Just a holy fool, oh baby he's so cruel
I'm just at a party
It's got my head and my heart on the dance floor Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
I'm still in love with Judas baby
Won't know how I feel 'Til your world burns and crashes
Lookin' to be somethin'
What you want with my body (world)(what you want with my body)
I been callin' out your name
Let's funk downtown
Do what you want with my body Sometimes I'm scared I suppose
Know you'll wear my makeup well I'm gonna wear the tie, want the power to leave you
And I love to hear you sing, girl [Pre-Chorus 2: R. Kelly]
The edge, the edge, the edge, the edge I'm on the edge of glory
Juda-as! Juda-ah-as! Judas! Juda-ah-as
I recommend a one night stand
You can try to hate it, you can try to fake it
Charged up, 'cause the man's on a mission
Brooklyn, Atlanta, Houston, to New Orleans
Like Jesus, said
Baby you're sick, I want your love
Yes, if you want us to we will You, oh, oh, a Christmas
Pressure's takin' its toll
Notice who let the top back on the Chevy Impala
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh!
Hubba, hubba
Don't be such a holy fool
I'm everything you're not Yeah I am red, you are blue
Just love yourself and you're set
Like it's a catwalk
Baby, do fight it
That I am the one you want
Now take it in, and turn me on
With a boy and a girl and a huh and a game
When all your thoughts are dark and insecure,
Why do we gotta tell each other how to live?
But then you print some shit that makes me want to scream So do what you want, what you want with my body
She got a halo around her finger
Would you give it all up?
Stickss and stones may break my bones,
When we dance real crazy
If you could find a dry way, I'd forever be still
See the world with me 'Cause I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm
Galaxy, space, and time
What you want with my body
(Something), something, something about my cool Nebraska guy
You want to escape
Out on the edge of glory and I'm hangin' on a moment with you I'm on the edge, the edge, the edge,
Watch me act a fool (Damn, you were in my Sexxx dreams)
By what men say is right
Leave my pearls and lipstick on so everybody knows
I'll get him hot, show him what I've got
Wha-wha-what did you say?
Behind the aura, Behind the aura, Behind the curtain, Behind the burqa. ARTPOP Shawty, watcha name is? Them hustlas keep on talkin'
I won't cry for you, see
Oh oh oh oh, Still baby (Babe) I'm so unpredictable
Venus Take my hand, stay Joanne
Aus-be aus-can-be flaugen, fräulein uske-be clair Ich schleiban austa be clair, es kumpent üske monstère,
A drink in my hand, eh
Sing with me, "Bell Bottom Blue"
Yeah I guess I could forgive you tonight Yeah I am red, you are blue
I don't really care... care... care (feel it in the air... yeah) [Chorus]
I'll swallow each peroxide shot
Na-na-na, come on, come on
Watch me on your video phone
My blood is pure
Baby cause you blow my heart up Hey lil' mamma like really, really is that him
It's not how big, it's how mean
I hope that you can see,
Funk me downtown Cork's off, it's on
Over stones on its way
Venus I can't help the way I'm feeling
He didn't take the time to lie Bang bang, he shot me down
(She's got me like nobody)
the second time around I'm so unpredictable
She wanna be man cured (man cured)
Can't believe my eyes so many women without a flaw.
My heart is on mute
Like adjust the dotted line and I suppose to sign
We'd be so fantastical Leather and jeans
than usual (Chorus:)
Let's blast off to a new dimension (in your bedroom)
God of sexual desire, son of aphrodite
I'm not your babe, Alejandro
I'm spreading Christmas cheer
This drink is my last one
Every part of my aching heart
Ale-ale-jandro (2) Don't call my name
(Guy) touch me touch me
Can't find my drink, or man.
Let's have some fun, this beat is sick
Baby don't cry
On the moonlight Every john is just the same
Goin', girl? Fashion!
It sure as hell don't rhyme
You were a, you were a perfect illusion It's like, I just love a cowboy you know
Stuck in the middle zone
You're just a pig inside
Do what you want with my body... I killed my former and
Donnez moi Christian Louboutins
(Eh, eh) (Eh, eh) There's nothing else I can say
Downtown Just another way to prove I love you and it's hard today
Fourteen, vierzehn
I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret,
He ate my heart (I love that girl)
'Member when dad hung it there?
I feel alive, when I transform
P p p poker face, p p p poker face
Nein zedd Oh oh oh yeah
We love them! (We love them) Boys boys boys
Ain't about You and Me.
I know that we got something special, boy.
Sweat, sweat
Show 'em how we do it!
I'm on the right track, baby, I was born this way
Behind the aura, behind the aura, behind the aura? Enigma pop star is fun, she wear burqa for fashion
Off of seven years
Baby cause you blow my heart up 1, 2, 3 Nowhere,
I like it, like it [Na-na-na] come on
(Eh, eh) Not that I don't care about you
Pretty will be the photograph I leave
you are the greatest, greatest thing to me. I killed my former and
I said, "Honey, it's simple.
Play it in your, play it in your face Can't wait to get you shook up
Hear my sinner's prayer
Making love in my sex dreams Don't call me GaGa
I'll fix you with my love
(A summer moon comes into full phase)
to heal your permanently broken heart.
I am my hair, I am my hair Free as my hair, hair, hair
'Cause that's where we make love Come on and run
If we don't figure this out Dude in a lab coat and a man of God
Whether you're broke or evergreen
(Our lovers quarrel)
Right on the limit's where we know we both belong tonight It's time to feel the rush to push the dangerous
What I've heard before
What you want make it ?
The only place you wanna be
Promise I'll always be there
I wanna make it work. I didn't brush my hair
Yeah something about baby you and I It's been two years since I let you go
Would you make me number one on your playlist? Put your Dre headphones with the left side on
Ill build you a light,
I gotta diamond heart
Oh oh oh babe I now you are the one that is hurting I'm so unpredictable
And after all, it's just another day Oh, I could use some two or three
And I lay in bed I touch myself and I think of you Last night
Now, art's in pop culture in me I live for the applause, applause, applause
I won't give up on my life
Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh Can call all you want
At this point I gotta choose
'Cause you're out of this world
Funk me downtown I lay around, touch myself to pass the time
And when, youre feeling like you're not enough.
She sang in eights in two-barrio chords
Watch me act a fool (Making love in my Sexxx dreams)
You shoulda made some plans with me
There's gonna be no love left to rye And I know that it's complicated
Baby loves to dance, dance in the dark (Tell 'em, girls) In the dark she loves to dance in the dark
How it feels
Groove. Slam. Work it back. Filter that. Baby bump that track. Groove. Slam. Work it back. Space cowboy just play that track.
In love as I am when I lay with you
I touch myself and it's alright Just give in don't give up baby
In the meantime stand, let me watch you break it down and dance Gonna be okayay da-da-doo-doo
Do you want love or you want fame?
Show me your teeth (let me see your mean) Got no direction (no direction)
What did you call that when you showed up with two dollars But that's another chapter, son of a bachelor
Till you find your dream I am so fab
Runnin' through the red lights
Tell me who hurt ya
Slay, slay I take it off, I put it on
If you want me
Ale-ale-jandro (2) Hey there sugar baby
Cause for a while you could barely look at me This time I thought that we`d be fine
I'm on the right track, baby, I was born this way, hey I was born this way, hey
That always was our favorite place
Do you wanna see the girl who lives behind the aura, behind the aura?
So baby raise a glass to mend
It was a perfect illusion
Kiss the bartender twice
Don't call my name, Roberto Alejandro
Spend the last dough (I got it) on your pocko (I got it) Just dance, gonna be okayay.
(Oh-oh-oh-oh-ooh!)
Falling asleep in our tears,
Just for me the church bells rang Now he's gone I don't know why
You're Lebanese, you're orient Whether life's disabilities
But I must admit that
But I'm happy pretending we're alright (alright)
Just wanna hang with the old you
Drei, eins
French kissing on the floor, heart is beating hardcore
Italian, Asian, Kompai
All I can say is eh, eh My body is sanctuary
Papa-paparazzi Real good
Tom Ford, private flights
But I don't feel the pain 'cause I'm a pro I
But she still kills the dance
Want me to sign there on your range rover heart?
Where Brooklyn Nights set us free. [Chorus]
I know we're just friends
I can't remember but it's alright, alright. Just dance, gonna be okay.
And I'm hangin' on a moment with you I'm on the edge with you
You're Marilyn, I'm the president
Show me your teeth, open your mouth boy
When you're gone I'll still be Bloody (Gaga) Mary (Gaga) Oh oh oh oh oh (Gaga) Oh oh oh oh oh (Gaga) Oh oh oh oh oh (Gaga) Oh oh oh oh oh (Gaga) Oh oh oh oh oh (Gaga) Oh oh oh oh oh (Gaga) Oh oh oh oh oh (Gaga) Oh oh oh oh oh (Gaga) Oh, liberdad mi amor I met a girl in east L.A.
'Cause when he's lookin' she falls apart
I am my hair, I am my hair Ooh, my hair, my hair Tryin' to get control
(And Mars' warm spirit rams into the atmosphere)
And I'm hangin' on a moment with you
the second time around The second time around I don't want to rule the world
He would always laugh and say
And if you say you're okay
We french kissed on a subway train
And you're not gonna reach my telephone Call all you want
Velvet ropes and guitars
I got no time for frontin'
Held hands like we were seventeen again Cher:
He ate my heart (Wanna talk to her, she's hot as hell) That boy is a monster m-m-m-monster
Chase you down until you love me
I was thinking about you
I was born to be brave I'm beautiful in my way
Don't call my name, Roberto Alejandro You're giving me a million reasons to let you go
Not meant for us babe hey-yeah! I'm so unpredictable
You like what you see? (Can you handle it?)
I wanna be there for you
Don't stop the party (Damn, you were in my Sexxx dreams)
I was born this way, yeah Ooh, there ain't no other way, baby, I was born this way
I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret
Damn, you were in my sex dreams (you were in my)
Without you and I We got a whole lot of money, but we still pay rent
A gypsy, a gypsy, a gypsy I'm Russia, UK, Paris, I'm
Tell me something that'll change me
Wont sign no monkey papers
Where we'll both fall far in love I'm on the edge of glory and I'm hangin' on a moment of truth
But I took pills and left a note POST-CHORUS:
Summer boy Lets get lost you can take me home
I'm a man without a home
And it was kind of dirty
I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
Just wanna touch you for a minute
Your Venus, your Venus When you touch me, I die
Live for the way that you cheer and scream for me
I tried to sell myself, but I am really laughing
No invitations, it's a private party
Alejandro, Just let me go She's not broken
May not have the fancy things
You don't own my life but
Or wear an ear condom next time I wanna love you, but something's pulling me away from you
You could ever want, it's in my arms So baby tell me yes
Wonder if I'm even still in love
We could, we could, belong together (artpop)
Don't stop the party (Making love in my Sexxx dreams)
I am a New York woman born to rock you down
Paint his face and catch the beat
When I lay in bed, I touch myself and think of you [Chorus 2]
It's so magical
He tore my clothes right off
Drei eins
But baby, I laced it Get off on me, my body's got you pleadin'
It's not a statement as much as just a move of passion
I've got my summer-summer boy And we'll still have the summer after all I've got my,
Baby let's get high, John Wayne Last night
And when, you're feeling like you're not enough,
Everyday of your life
Papa-paparazzi I know that we are young,
Don't call my name, Alejandro.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
You just cancelled every other man here
Fernando Don't call my name,
Groove. Slam. Work it back. Filter that. Baby bump that track.
Take me on your video phone
We love them! (We love them) Sometimes a story has no end
That I`d forget the things that you said
You've left me speechless, so speechless I'll never love again
(Don't think too much just bust that kick)
Salon's enough for her
Skeleton guns
So just take my body
Wanna scratch it back and forth, back and forth uh huh Put your hands on my waist pull the fader
It's my daddy and Nebraska and Jesus Christ (Something), something, something about the chase (six whole years)
The girl under you, G.U.Y. I don't need to be on top to know I'm worth it
Hey yo You're giving me a million reasons to let you go
This will end up in the news Baby, I just wanna dance
I'm in charge like a G.U.Y.
I want your love I want your drama
Promise I'll be the cure (be the cure)
She wants nothing more than a man to please
You called, I can't hear a thing
We're both convicted criminals of thought (cause I'm broken)
It was a perfect illusion, illusion (illusion) It was perfect illusion
I just want it to be hot
Want you in my rear window
I'm looking for someone that can handle me.
Oh, you turn me on
Pray for your sins
Cause I really tried, and I
Nein zedd
You gotta get up and move on Tell me, how the hell could you talk
Give my body some AHH, AHH, AHHHH,
Oh oh Everybody's got to love each other
My heart can beat with bricks and strings
You're the, the medicine
Until this day, sometimes I cry
I promise this, promise this
I've had enough, I'm not a freak
I wouldn't trade it in, cause it's our life
And your brown eyes In your brown eyes, I was feeling low
Play that song Where everything was everything
And I'm happy when my lights flashin'
But you're my kind of man
Do what you want, don't stop, let's party
While checking out other guys
Saw you twice at the pop show
(She is gonna let nobody) Can't read my,
The man's got a gift for getting what he wants
All your lovers revenge
You're givin' me a million reasons
Do you wanna touch me, cosmic lover?
Cause I can't help my mind from going there! [Pre-Chorus]
Africa, India, I'm
Caught in a bad romance Rah rah ah-ah-ah!
Alejandro Ohh.. She's got both hands
She's just a baby
Bust the rear view and fire up the jets
If you want me you can watch me on your video phone You're my phone star
Climb the El Camino front
So baby tell me yes
Niggas give me brain
Mistaken for love (dilated, falling free in a modern ecstasy)
Act like a swine I know I know I know I know you want me
The edge, the edge, the edge, the edge I'm on the edge of glory and I'm hangin' on a moment with you
But baby, I just need one good one
Love me, love me, please retreat
She said, 'cause He made you perfect, babe
(Muh muh muh muh)
On a single fare
And this time I'm not leaving without you We are the crowd
And my lipstick on your face
Now it's a party Hey, I can't wait to cast my spell
I'll be a Princess Die and die with you VERSE:
I, I stand up, and then I'm OK
But at least now I know It wasn't love, it wasn't love
When Pontius come to kill the king upon his throne
Show me your teeth Don't want no money (want your money)
Touch me touch me
All of the day
No he can't read my poker face
Help me here! (It was kind of nasty, aah!)
For Nebraska, Nebraska, I love you You and I
Please, Just let me go
I've done this before
Damn, you were in my sex dreams (don't stop the party)
So unemotional
I'm gonna marry the night
Baby, you doin' somethin' right
(Eh, eh) (Eh, eh)
Scheiße, Scheiße be mine, Scheiße be mine Put on a show tonight do whatever you like
A mountain of a soul
Want your bad romance I want your ugly
Princess die
Walk-walk passion baby, work it I'm a free bitch baby I want your love
You taste just like glitter mixed with rock and roll
I'm gonna love you with my hands tied Show me your teeth (just tell me when)
When my heart is lonely
In her pocket
ARTPOP, ARTPOP [Chorus]
I'm not lying I'm just stunning with my love glue gunnin'
The girl under you, G.U.Y.
Take me for a ride
I would fall apart
(All night)
Yeah I'll love you forever
Can profit you A hybrid can withstand these things
'Cause God makes no mistakes
It's hard to even fathom which parts I should believe
Mi amore vole fe yah I'm beautiful in my way,
Please check the number, or try your call again It's been a long time since I came around
Baby, I just need one good one to stay Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh!
Damn, you were in my Sexxx dreams (you were in my)
I want your leather studded kiss in the sand
I walk alone
"Who's that chick? who's that chick?"
You like the way it's poppin'
I met somebody cute and funny
Of my phone ringin'
Chola or orient made
He ate my heart and then he ate my brain
Dilated, falling free
Left you outcast, bullied or teased
Want your bad romance I want your horror
You'll be my (g. I.r.l)
Since I've had a sip and I get this feeling
Cause we can't hide the evidence in our heads! [Pre-Chorus]
In your brown eyes, you watch her go And turn the record on
Bang bang, my baby shot me down Seasons came and changed the time
Looking good and feeling fine
Stop telephonin' me
Ready for those flashing lights
Tonight, tonight, tonight You won't forget me when I'm gone
Forgive him when his tongue lies through his brain
You can't stop my voice, cause
Making love in my sex dreams We could be caught (I just want this to be perfect)
Up until the chorus
I wanna make sure you remember me
You and me could write a bad romance Oh-oh-oh-oh-ooh! Want your bad romance
With songs they have sung
In a modern ecstasy
And if I'm hot shot
Sometimes I go too far
Throw me on the bed
'Cause you were born this way, baby My mama told me when I was young
I'll never love again How, how, how so speechless
You and me could write a bad romance
I wanna take a ride on your disco stick Let's play a love game, play a love game
I can handle you
But don't have no follow through
But you, but you
(Tell 'em, girls) Baby loves to dance in the dark
Should hear my gun ring
Just got my vamp (got my vamp) Take a bite of my bad girl meat (bad girl meat)
(I smoke Marlboro Reds and drink Champagne)
Who is learning to pray I go to the hills
High school dance
Singing to the tune
The way you twirling up them hips round and round
Nebraska
Can not forget the past
Loving you is cherry pie
I am all up inside your head Now I can see clearly
I'm gonna wear designer and forget your name
I'm on the right track, baby, I was born this way Don't be a drag, just be a queen
You've left me speechless, so speechless Some men may follow me
Boys boys boys
Cause you know that baby I I'm your biggest fan
About behaving, but I love you
Man cure! I'm gon' be manicured
I don't wanna be friends (J'veux ton amour et je veux ta revanche j'veux ton amour)
Go on and video me (Can you handle it?)
About a million reasons I bow down to pray
Someone whose got the flavor
(I'm the pearl to your oyster, I'm a babe)
Ah oh I'll bring him down, bring him down, down
Nein Zedd! [Verse 1: Lady Gaga]
And you'll be my little gypsy princess
Even though she knows she's misunderstood
You were acting kind of strange
I'll undress you, 'cause you're tired
gonna re-repeat myself so I know that yall are listening.
I'm gonna dance, dance, dance
When you're gone I'll still be bloody Mary We are not just art for Michelangelo
(Can you handle it?) I know you like that
'Cause you're a criminal
If you're wondering
Call out loud for you
We love them! (We love them) Oh, oh Baby is a bad boy with some retro sneakers
I'll walk alone down a different street
(But deep down you are just a shrew) Maybe I should have a little more just to stay out of my mind
I'll lay down, face up this time
It's all the glory that I bare I am my hair, I am my hair
Just know that I got you Just know that
Your hands are mine
Put your hands up, make 'em touch, touch Ooh touch, touch ooh
Natural goddess (guy) touch me touch me
You threw your arms up
Duh-duh-duh dance, dance, dance, just dance. When I come through on the dance floor checkin' out that catalog.
To make it pure
Show me your teeth (open your mouth boy)
She rolled my hair and put my lipstick on
Oh, if you want me
In the morning buy me eggs
Each day, I cry
I crave a real wild man
He's thirsty when he drinks
I want your everything
(After-chorus) One, Two
'Cause I can't help my mind from going there Heard your boyfriend was away this weekend
If we don't figure this out
Out of control [After-Chorus:]
Oh yeah, we're gonna die
I have got no service
Bullshit be mine Blonde high-heeled feminist enlisting femmes for this
I love this record baby, but I can't see straight anymore.
you are the greatest, greatest thing to me. Lady Gaga:
Faster than you can say ferrari
There's gonna be no future
I'll wreck you right up guy (G. U.Y.)
Phantom by the meter
out of control,
My heart wants to sing
Applaud. Approve. Tap down those boots while I beat around
I will be right by your side If I can't find the cure, I'll
Ah oh a king with no crown, king with no crown I'm just a holy fool,
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm
Promise I'll be kind
We might've fucked not really sure, don't quite recall
There's no reason, I know why you can't leave here with me
We always thought we were it,
Fought over prisms and a forty-day flood
Now the girl is stressed
Tell 'em how you feel girls! Work your blond (Jean) Benet Ramsey
I've had enough, enough, enough
For just one Brooklyn Night adieu Have a drink with your former self
I'm just a holy fool, oh baby it's so cruel
Ill be a Princess and die with you
He has a funny way saying forever too fast
Mirror on the ceiling A-yo, a-yo
Venus Neptune, go
Being away from you, I found the vein, put it in here I live for the applause, applause, applause
(Uh huh, uh huh) And in the morning
'Cause you're giving me a million reasons
I've had a couple of drinks and oh my god Last night
Sweden, Finland, Norway
Help me here!
Through all the tears and all the lies
When you're cold, I'll make it burn
I don't wanna be alone forever
Baby, don't you leave me Hey girl, hey girl
The color's palette you choose
All on me, just spotted a baby actor
Which one you'll never tell
If only we were older I guess its just a silly song about you
What's going on out on the floor?
I like you a lot lot
(Eh, eh) There's nothing else I can say Cherry cherry, boom boom
Maybe the second time around is not meant for us babe
Kiss or hug you
Heaven's not ready for you
Yeah, at least now I know It wasn't love, it wasn't love
My parents put up a fight
Baby cause you blow my heart up I'm so starstruck
Get your last fix, and your last hit
Where do you think you're goin'
But I can't pretend to love you no more babe
Take a bite my me
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
So why do we gotta fight over ideas?
Let's go for a drive
Behind the aura, Behind the aura, Behind the aura Enigma popstar is fun
Need you more than dope
the second time around I`m not sure the best of way to say this
Make a cameo
You'll hear that
Oh I
And mars were in spirit rams into the atmosphere (guy I want to be that guy)
Got each other and that's money, eh eh I have something that I love long-long
I'll lie down face up, G.U.Y.
Fresh white, with your pants, hanging grown man low
But lately I've been feelin' naughtier,
You see I
Yes, everybody knows
'Cause I'm the, trick who's
Maybe she's in too deep
That boy is a monster er-er-er-er He ate my heart (I love that girl)
Caught in a bad romance Oh-oh-oh-oh-ooh! Oh-oh-ooh-oh-oh-oh!
Out of school go-go'n for a hundred or two
I'm just like, I just, I know, it's bad
I'm dancin' in circles, feels good to be lonely
All we want is hot hot Boys boys boys
I walk alone on a lonely road
But I know you believe me
Gaga oh-la-la!
Rejoice and love yourself today
Blow it in your face, blow it in your face
Baby loves to dance in the dark in the dark Rocket #9 take off to the planet (to the planet)
You will never fall apart
Too lit, tonight, prayin'
Eh eh, oh yeah
And don't stop the party (ey!) You can't have my heart
Do you wanna peek underneath the cover?
So happy I could die and it's alright
The applause, applause, applause Give me that thing that I love (Turn the lights on)
Been comin' 'round lookin' lovin' you
Can't read my
And I ain't gonna give it up, steady tryin' to pick it up like the car
If only we were older Guess it's just a silly song about you
Summer boy Let's get lost you can take me home
He ate my heart (Wanna talk to her, she's hot as hell)
Baby let's get high, John Wayne Blue collar and a red-state treasure
Yes everybody knows
Tell me how the hell could you know
Yeah, the dinners were nice
About relaxing, hey, I love you
If you lose your way
Dont call my name, Bye Fernando
But there's no one home
But then you print some shit that makes me wanna scream [Pre-Chorus: Lady Gaga]
Mirror on the ceilin'
But baby, I just need one good one to stay Head stuck in a cycle, I look off and I stare
If you want me you can watch me on your video phone I love how you approach me
But I won't be tonight
Want your bad romance Walk, walk fashion baby, work it move that bitch crazy
Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
Stars in our eyes 'cause we're having a good time eh-eh eh-eh So happy I could die be your best friend
He ate my heart, he a-a-ate my heart out (You amaze me)
I feel good
Voodoo, Voodoo, Voo-Don-Na-Na Walk down the runway, but don't puke, It's okay
Light you up, put you on top, let's falalalala (let's go) Ho ho ho, under the mistletoe
Without permission, yeah I, I wish that I could dance
Track burns like a road rail
Is only skin deep
'Cause my body belongs to you when I'm on stage eh So do what you want, what you want with my body
Cue me up I'm the twelve on your table I'm so starstruck I'm so starstruck
Put your hands up, make 'em touch, touch I've overheard your theory
To crash the critics saying, "is it right or is it wrong?"
Do what you want, what you want with my body Write what you want, say what you want 'bout me
You'll wake up and I'm not around
Help me now
I promise
Fold 'em, let 'em, hit me, raise it baby stay with me (I love it)
Check out
Daddy's girl's never good enough
Give me a million reasons
Or shoot a gun on your soil
Up in the clouds we'll be higher than ever eh-eh, eh-eh So happy I could die and it's alright Happy in the club with a bottle of red wine
And we would watch Rocky IV,
It was a perfect illusion (perfect illusion) (Where are you, 'cause I can't see you)
Take me to your Venus (to the planet)
Not an empty page full of stuff that means nothing but
And you're not gonna reach my telephone
Next to the bar
Don't leave me, I
Eh-eh, eh-eh aha-aha I love that lavender blond
Is it because of pleasure and toil Dance, Sex ,ART POP, Dance, Sex, ART POP Do you wanna see me naked, lover?
I need a love thats crazy don't you see?
Just know that I got you Lady is it lonely?
Baby loves to dance, dance in the dark (Tell 'em, girls) Run, run her kiss is a vampire grin
'Til you're at the end, the end of your rope
Act sleazy
I'm ready for their stones I'll dance, dance, dance
And your brown eyes Brown eyes Everything was everything
With a smile on your mouth and your hand on your huh!
I'm just here trying to stay cool on the streets
I'm not you're babe, Fernando Don't wanna kiss don't wanna touch.
Without you and I You and I
Be my home just for the day
Like a serial killer, man is a goner Man cure!
Girl's playin' bad 'cause it doesn't pay to be good
Spin it in your face, spin it in your face
This ferris wheel`s got me crazy
'Cause when I'm with you, I fall apart,
These are a few of my favorite things When the dog bites
Venus
I gloss my eyes I touch myself all through the night
Paint her face and catch the beat
I loved Brigitte Nielsen's hair. I'd call you my champion
girl and you'll go far
Feel the adrenaline moving under my skin
But if I do then I might miss you, babe
Get off on me, my body's got you pleadin'
Wrecked all my innocence
You sayin' that you want me (Go on and video me)
Yeah we taking these haters and we roughing em up
Crazy schedule, fast life
Put his arms around me
Just a little inside
Act like a swine
But then I trip over myself and I fall, I
The melody that you choose
And choreograph hours with playful, joyous thoughts We both know I could learn a thing or two
That boy is a monster m-m-m-monster
I'm on the right track, baby, I was born this way, hey Hello, hello, baby
When I grew up I called him mine
I've got someone to believe This ain't about Kings or Queens
It was kind of nasty
They like the way I'm walkin' (You like what you see?)
You've got to go oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, whoa Whenever I'm dressed cool
Pack your bags and we can chase the sunset
Juda-as! Juda-ah-as! Judas! Ga-ah ga-ah I couldn't love a man so purely
Yellow dance and we turn
(Oh-oh-oh-oh-oooh!)
I'm sorry when I mention that I did not know.
Juda-as! Juda-ah-as! Judas! Ga-ah ga-ah When he calls to me, I am ready
Got my blueprint it's symphonic
Aura-a-a-a aura-a-a-a
Leave my girls no faster
Don't speak don't wanna hear another
Just tell me when it's alright
Who's that chick? who's that chick? Ultra sexual, the night has got me love sprung
Who's that bitch, she's so thin (Ooh nah nah nah)
Donatella 'Cause she walks so bad, like it feels so good
(I wanna take a ride on your disco stick)
I want your disease
Benji, benji, Benjamin, my,
I've never seen one like that before
A soul comes into full phase (guy) get on top of me
I couldn't listen to a joke or Rock and Roll
But I just can't be with you like this anymore,
So press record, I'll let you film me On your video phone
And cracked open our last beer,
Sun glasses, cover up my green eyes
To cut through all his worn out leather
(Take a bite of me boy) show me your teeth
the second time around the second time around We tried going back to Joe's
I'm not you're babe, Fernando
I don't know why you hurt inside,
Uh uh uh uh uh uh
And when you say that thing that you say that makes me mad
Where do you think you're goin'?
Them hustlas keep on talkin'
-chorus- Na-na-na come on, come on
I miss our cheap chandelier
Mom will cut my hair at night
I don't wanna talk any more
Baby loves to dance in the dark (Tell 'em, girls)
I've learned love is like a brick you can
But my friends keep on telling me that something's wrong
With hairspray and denim
Just because I want my friends
Ho oh oh oh
Silver white winters that melt into springs
Someday in Jakarta, I'm
I'm blonde
I'm a busy girl
And I'll never love again
With my hands, hands, hands,
Do what you want (with my body) [Outro until fade: Lady Gaga]
Up full night tryin' to rub the pain out (rub the pain out) I'm singin'
Send it straight to Hollywood Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha
I'm sick of their city games
The girl under you guy! (sechzehn) Fourteen
I'm a loser I'm gonna marry the night
I was born this way, born this way Ooh, there ain't no other way, baby, I was born this way
With your Johnnie Walker eyes
Baby, I just need one good one to stay I was five and he was six
So everybody sees Bleach out all the dark
Needs you more than the angels do Girl, where do you think you're goin'?
I'm gonna marry the night I'm gonna marry the night
Bang bang, that awful sound
You and me could write a bad romance Oh-oh-oh-oh-ooh! Oh-oh-ooh-oh-oh-oh!
And the way that you looked at me
I'm sorry now it's me that feels this way
Bang bang, I hit the ground
I'm as free as my hair
Happens to you (how could you know?) 'Til it happens to you, you won't know how I feel I stand here waiting for you to bang the gong
Tell em
How do you wanna groove? Bang Bang
I wish that I was wrong
No matter what you know, I'll
Half psychotic sick-hypnotic
En su bolsillo
My Christmas tree is delicious Space cowboy, Lady Gaga, Lady Gaga, there she goes
Be a swine just catch the beat
Want a good thing, put the money down first
I'm aimin' for full control of this love (Of this love)
Shawty on a mission, what yo name is?
Show me your teeth How (my religion is you)
Show me your teeth, teeth, teeth, teeth
Cuz I'm strong enough to know the truth
Boys like you love me forever Oh, oh, oh, oh Boys boys boys
And then I don't feel so bad Edelweiss,Edelweiss
If it's gonna be you and me
Light me up put me on top, let's falalalalalalala Ho ho ho, under the mistletoe
(Come on mama)
Watch your heart when we're together
Twelve lonely steps
It was kind of trashy
Yeah I got what you want
I'm kinda busy Stop callin', stop callin'
He ate my heart (Wanna talk to her, she's hot as hell) He ate my heart he ate my heart instead he's a monster in my bed He ate my heart he ate my heart instead he's a monster in my bed I wanna just dance but he took me home instead
I like it, like it. Love is great, love is fine
Baby you'll be famous
For my love is you Love is fly, I've flown my beaches with lover's side
I'm on the edge with you I'm on the edge of glory and I'm hangin' on a moment of truth
We will take off our clothes
Your brown eyes
Pop culture was in art
Blow my heart up put your hands on my waist pull the fader
C'est la vie en
I'm the spirit of my hair, it's all the glory that I bare I am my hair, I am my hair
Just tell me it's alright
Whoa whoa I'm in love with Juda-as, Juda-as
The girl under you (guy) I'm gonna say the word
To think I'm dynamite And on Friday rocks in
Good as, good as, good as, good as gold (Verse 1:)
Open up your heart and your mind to me Just know when that glass is empty
Oh oh
Mi corazón me duele por mi generación
ARTPOP, ARTPOP Come to me, without your sub-techs and fantasy
Hurts more than I can say (And it was kind of dirty)
My artpop could mean anything Could try to sell you out or I
(I'll fix you with my love-lo-love)
(Muh muh muh muh) I won't tell you that I love you
Love working in dirty way If you want me
"Pussy Clean"
You're spades and I'm diamonds
We want to watch her cry
Tomorrow when I run into you, Tomorrow when I run into you [Bridge]
And after he's been hooked I'll play the one that's on his heart Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh-e-oh-oh-oh
That I'll never talk again
Tell me what the hell do you know
Muscle cars drove a truck right through my heart On my birthday you sang me a heart of gold
Baby loves to dance, dance in the dark (Tell 'em, girls) Baby loves to dance in the dark
I get on my knees and beg you Hear my sinner's prayer
What do you wanna wear this season?
Cause your new look's ethereal
Goddess of love (wonder if this could be love)
Do what you want with my body Come to me, in all your glamour, and cruelty
And I want your revenge
But this love's not material
Huh huh
I I I I I I don't speak German I I I but I can if you like I, I wish that I could dance
Give it to me strong
I'm only 19
But I can be tonight
To carve, he can't rewrite the aggro of my furied,
Look at me now!
Touch me touch me, don't be shy
Been hurting low, from living high for so long
It's my favorite song they're gonna play
Above my head, head, head
But this photo of us
Like a serial killer, man is a goner (man cured)
Maybe you're just a dream
Doin' the love game Let's play a love game, play a love game
I, I feel good
Hope my ruby shoes get us there quick
I touch myself 'til I'm on track Just give in don't give up baby
Now drop it like its hottest
Uh oh! There was a monster in my bed
Not enough
It's just all talk 'Til it happens to you, you don't know
I'll do it in the swimming pool
Let's keep it naughty (Doing really nasty things)
Blow it in your, blow it in your face I can't wait to rev you up
My religion is you
In floral shorts as sweet as May
Illusion (but I feel you watchin' me)
Just do the thing that you do
I guess sir, if you say so
The night, the night, the night
Our sexes tell us no lies I'm gonna wear the towel, the power to leave you
Vanish as I touch myself
Looking good, and feeling fine Fashion! Je me sens en haute couture en
I don't really care I just wanna dance
Off on me, my body's got you pleadin'
That's what it means to crush
Help need a man
Ooh, there ain't no other way, baby, I was born this way
Your pusher man
I'm short of my identity
Voodoo, Voodoo, Voo-Don-Na-Na Voo-Don-Na-Na Don't be scared
Without somebody there I, I wish that I could dance
Or maybe I'll just clean the shit off these fancy shoes
Just know that I got you
His grip, so hard, eyes glare
Don't be Give yourself prudence and love your friends
Dont call my name, Alejandro
What do you think is the new thing?
Like a chime that flies
Cherry, cherry, boom, boom You're giving me a million reasons to let you go
(Muh muh muh muh) I know that we are young
How does she twist the dance
'Cause you know that baby I I'm your biggest fan
Fernando Dont call my name
She so fab, it's beyond
Aphrodite lady seashell bikini (garden panty)
Big swig, toss another beer can
Making love in my sex dreams You could turn a stone
Every heartbreak makes it hard to keep the faith
Got what she wants, shawty happily ever after I'm so starstruck
But something tells me that I've seen him round before He's a monster m-m-m-monster
Walk into the light
He ate my heart, he a-a-ate my heart
I'm my hair, yeah, yeah
Draggin' our love affair
I don't speak your, I won't speak your, won't speak
But I'll give you everything
If you wanna steal my heart away
Where the couture is beyond, beyond
You wanna video me? You know them Gs, they be hollerin', 'specially them hot ones
Got no salvation
Eyeliner and cigarettes Shadow is burnt
I need something more from you
I'm a sinner Then I'll go down to the bar
Juda-as! Juda-ah-as! Judas! Ga-ah ga-ah Juda-as! Juda-ah-as! Judas! Juda-ah-as
There's a life on Mars
If you're a strong female
You're the medicine
Of the storm
I like you a lot lot, all we want is hot hot Boys boys boys
The one where the Russian scored,
And all those flames that burned before him
How she at it, a fanatic and I think it's goin' down
My heart is a dancer beating like a disco drum
Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch,
Sorry, I cannot hear you
Light me up and breathe in
Stars in our eyes 'cause we're having a good time So happy I could die be your best friend
Baby three seconds isn't enough
It's not that I don't wanna love you
Up heaven's stairway to gold
Tell me that you'll be the good one, good one
Heard everybody is getting a little sexy on the crazy juice
A gypsy, a gypsy, a gypsy I'm
And then it's four AM
One, two ya, the gears are shiftin'
Would you make me number one on your play list? Put your Dre headphones with the left side on
Dum dum da da da I won't cry for you
(We smokin' 'em all) Get it da get it da get it get it
Juda-as! Juda-ah-as! Judas! Ga-ah ga-ah You tell me it gets better, it gets better in time
I've heard it before
Goin', girl?
I'm not you're babe
(I got it, just stay close enough to get it)
"Nostalgia's for geeks"
Music played and people sang
Baby, I just need one good one to stay There ain't no reason you and me should be alone
Hush now baby, don't you cry
Let's get lost in your Ferrari
Lord, show me the way
I take on your shadows,
That boy is a monster er-er-er-er That boy is a monster m-m-m-monster
It's not about sex or champagne
I'm strung out on John Wayne Baby let's get high, John Wayne
Help me here! (It was kind of trashy)
In your tight jeans with your long hair
Baby loves to dance in the dark
you are the greatest thing to me.
Sometimes I felt so def in a jam
Let's white- (by the one before) glove the bed
Hair, hair, ha-ha-ha-hair Sometimes I waltz around
We'd take the F or the bus,
Here we go
Swine Paint your face and
I touch myself can't get enough
Not sure what it means
you are the greatest thing to me. I dont wa-wanna waste another day,
I never thought we'd fall out of place, eh eh I have something that I love long-long
Oh oh oh oh babe
Your Jesús Cristo (la-la-la-la-la-la-la) Ah ah ah ah ah America Americano, ah ah ah ah ah America Americano I will fight for, I have fought for how I love you (la-la-la-la-la-la-la)
It was a perfect illusion (perfect illusion)
I've got my summer-summer boy Don't be sad when the sun goes down
No it won't be real (how could you know?)
And I cannot text you with
Funk me downtown Hurts inside, but not this time
Mercury, Venus, uh ha!
Three spirits and
Wanna meet at my place
Long rides baby by the coast
We're two of a kind
Won't poke holes in the seats with my heels
Everyday a heartache
Not psychotic or dramatic
Well, I say rainbows did more than they've ever done
Come on, Na-na-na-na Feels so good being bad
It's complicated and stupid
I wanna take a ride on your disco stick
You can't stop my voice 'cause
Na-na-na, na-na come on
I'm just tryin' to keep it sane
Close your eyes, I'll sing your favorite song
I was born this way Ooh, there ain't no other way, baby, I was born this way
Stylin' out to the beat that you're freakin'
"Pussy Squeaky"
She wanna be take care'n of
She's being a crazy dita disco diva... and you wonder:
Find your Jesus, find your Kubrick
And I after love you even if I can't
Baby there's no other superstar
I left my head and my heart on the dance floor
Whole pack like marlboro
Display your diamonds and pearls in light
Maybe we can see the world together
Ah ah ah ah ah America Americano, ah ah ah ah ah America Americano Mis canciones son de la re-revolución
Leave nothing on these streets to explore
Sorry, I cannot answer Not that I don't like you
Just let me go She's not broken
Happens to you
Complete swagga, they go the dagga
Alejandro She's got both hands
Love to watch her ass go wiggle
You want me bad
C-catch the beat
Good as, good as, good as, good as gold I can carry you, but not your ghosts
Let me take care of it, babe
I'm addicted to the love that you garner (man cured)
Making love in my Sexxx dreams
Just smoke my cigarette and hush.
Snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes
Mi-Mi-Bella
Do what I want with your body
Now serve Pluto
In a modern ecstasy)
'Cause you can't buy a house in heaven
Are you holding out your heart?
I'm the one who's
I'll keep searching for an answer cause I need you more than dope I need you more than dope
Mal tryin' to act real special
But I'm still in love with Judas, baby Whoa whoa I'm in love with Juda-as, Juda-as
Worship to the land a girl from the planet (to the planet)
Ma ma ma manicure
In her pockets
Take a bite of me boy
Up in the clouds we'll be higher than ever eh-eh, eh-eh So happy I could die and it's alright I came down the mountain
Faster than you can try to hate it
I didn't mean to hurt you
Follow ev'ry rainbow
My veil is protection for the gorgeousness of my face
My Christmas tree is delicious Here, here, here
Pop it girl dont stop it
When there's more than enough love to g-g-go around? Come to mama
On your video phone
I don't wanna think any more
Up in the end it'd be us,
I wonder if this could be love, this could be Love (wonder if this could be love, this could be love)
Oh, oh, a Christmas
He ate my heart, he a-a-ate my heart Look at him, look at me
I'm aiming for full control of this love (of this love)
And create simple thoughts, I'll laugh in humble ways We both know I could learn a thing or two
Want your bad romance
Follow me
You know that I'll be
We are all born superstars
The girl under you, G.U.Y. I'm gonna say the word and own you
Let me be the girl under you that makes you cry (Chorus)
I can't recognize In the fire I call your name out (call your name out)
Doin' the love game I can see you staring there from across the block
Turn the car on and run I'm gonna marry the night
Need you more
Last night when we were alone
A-yo, a-yo I can't wait to blaze for real
I'll keep on searching for an answer cause I need you more than dope I need you more than dope
With the sound of music
Right under the glass disco ball
I'm just a Holy Fool, oh baby it's so cruel
You're mine, you're there
It's exactly what I've been yearning for
But I can't stop staring in those evil eyes I asked my girlfriend if she'd seen you round before
My Christmas tree is delicious Light you up, put you on top, let's falalalala (let's go)
Or wedding bells in the attic Get Ginger ready
my artpop could mean anything [Chorus]
Rockstar in between the sets
I want to see her cry
Yeah I wanna be the grave, unearth you
Now it's the second time around
Hey girl, it ain't easy
She hides through love
You holy fool
I don't know what to tell you now
It won't be real (how could you know?)
I'll give you wings, Ill lift you up.
I want one last night there,
In the club, you see, see
Do you wanna be the peek underneath the cover?
I've many wonders to believe You can try to hear the talk
Hummers and all that fully loaded with two spoilers
He would always win the fight Bang bang, he shot me down
Roberto. Alejandro
Music not the bling [Chorus]
Tonight I'm not takin' no calls
Got you drippin' like no other Get off on me, my body's got you pleadin'
Oh m-m-marry m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry the night I'm gonna lace up my boots
To know what it does, I'm strong enough to know the truth
'Cause I'm out in the club
Just smoke my cigarette and hush
And I want lots of friends that invite me to their parties
Don't slow, drive it, clean it Lysol, bleed it
I must be myself, respect my youth A different lover is not a sin
M-m-my telephone
Racin' through the moonlight Every john is just the same
Our sex doesn't tell us no lies I'm gonna wear the tie, want the power to leave you
Of our bad luck dating.
I need you more than dope I need you more
Its not that I don't wanna love you
Yes, if you want us to we will You, oh ,oh, a Christmas
We smokin' 'em all
Funk me downtown
Do what you want with my body My bones hurt from all the show hmm
Heard that we both got nothing to do
If you want me you can watch me on your video phone Can you handle it?
en su bolsillo
Cover you as you desire
But I love gypsy life
Princess die REPEAT CHORUS BRIDGE:
Work that shit
Uh uh uh uh uh uh If you want me
Do what you want with my body
The greatest thing, greatest thing, greatest thing to me,
Living on the edge of the law, law, law, law Don't you try to catch me, don't you try to catch me
The only prisons that exist are ones we put each other in
I wish that I could cope
I need a green detox
Don't call my name, Roberto. Alejandro
We love them! (We love them) I'm not loose, I like to party
You and me were kind of in complete.
Roberto Alejandro
Nothing to loose Don't call my name
God of sexual desire
What you want with my body Write what you want
A gypsy, a gypsy, a gypsy, I'm And then he asked me,
If he got a mandingo
Do what you want with my body Do what you want with me
Girl, where do you think you're goin'?
I think I love you
Don't got too much time
We'll still have the summer after all Lets get lost you can take me home
I could be the green in your blunt
But chains and whips excite me.
But in the bedroom,
All the things that are on my mind
Baby cause you blow my heart up Baby now that were alone gotta request
Take off my stocking's we're
Remember when we used to play Bang bang, I shot you down
Tap down those boots while I beat around
Squealer squealer squeal out you're so disgusting
It was a perfect illusion (but I feel you watchin' me
When they see me, they be like "Yo B, let me call you"
Just know that I got you Help me hold my hair back
I'ts not that I'm really over it, you know (you know)
Oh, I
Slap her skin-he
(And I feel so trashy)
Might not awake without you
What you want with my body! You can't have my heart and you won't use my mind but
I wanna be that guy (G. U.Y.)
I don't wanna be friends, I don't wanna be friends
And wonder what went wrong
Dangerous poetry rhymed with our bodies and now's the time for the trial with doubts and drawls
'Cause we can't hide the evidence in our head Heard your boyfriend was away this weekend
You can't have my heart, and
But today I won't be so hard on me
Brown, brown eyes
And this time I'm not leaving without you You taste like whiskey when you kiss me oh
Da-da-doo-doo Just dance, gonna be okay.
Doing really nasty things
Got my blueprint electronic
Oh, come tomorrow
Got some brown eyes, but a soft face I knew that it was wrong
You won't use my mind but
Saturn, Jupiter
On your video screen
Than someone just as real, as fabulous Don't want no paper gangsta
And I love to fix 'em (and I love to fix 'em)
Mistaken for love
And then I'm OK
I live for the applause-plause, live for the applause-plause
I just want you alone
Aura-a-a-a aura-a-a-a I'm not a wandering slave I am a woman of choice
And I'm sippin' that bub
Come on meet me
For as long as you live Climb ev'ry mountain
[Chorus]
Duh-duh-duh dance, dance, dance, just dance. Wish I could shut my playboy mouth.
He's gonna get you and after he's through
I always thought it was you,
Just dance, spin that record babe.
Left her in the trunk on Highway 10
(We smokin' on 'em all)
I could be the drink in your cup
Come on, Na-na-na-na come on
A-yo, a-yo
I should have had an overdose too many Starbucks Ain't never seen a balla, paper that stack taller
I want your love
That rise from the lake to the trees My heart wants to sigh
I'm not flawless, but I gotta diamond heart Oh, I
'Til you're standing in my shoes, I don't wanna hear nothing from you
How'd I turn my shirt inside out? Inside out right.
I got my bangs too hot
Now that I'm wakin' up
I rebuke my condition
That boy is bad, and honestly
I'm on the edge with you I wanna hold 'em like they do in Texas plays
Je suis en haute couture en
Somebody point me to the biggest ass-eater
Even darkness forgave his goofy way
But I'm just like
Like we're on top of the world in my Fashion!
Its always harder
And you're not gonna reach my telephone My telephone
I left my head and heart on the dance floor
I'll be your Gene, you'll be my Brando
And took the road to nowhere on my own Like Dorothy on a yellow brick
All of the crazy shit
In the mountains, las campanas están sonando (la-la-la-la-la-la-la)
What went wrong If everything was everything
I hit you right back
you don't know what to think
He wore black and I wore white
I try to make the worst seem better
My hair, yeah, yeah, yeah I've had enough, this is my prayer
Don't stop, let's party
We'll still have the summer after all Sometimes, you might start a fight
Show me your teeth (show me whatcha got)
Enter that cash flow, I'm like baby you don't trip So shawty say hand over your signature right here
Come on, I like it, like it
Need that picture of you
Like the wings of the birds
Gonna make love to the stark
Thats the only topic
If we don't figure this out Psychic guru catches minnows in the harbor
Like a lark
Draw those flames that burn before him
You want to fancy me cause there's always one man to love
Wobbledy wobble
Don't want no paper gangsta
We were in the swimming pool. I was naked, so were you, and I wrote this song while we made love
'Cause I'll be dancin' Stop callin', stop callin'
We can make it easy if we lift each other
I promised I wouldn't say goodbye
S, S, S & M, M, M Oh, I love the feeling you bring to me
Without the Scheiße yeah Oh oh oh oh oh without the Scheiße yeah
What do you know
That I'll die living just as free as my hair
Promise I'll be the cure (be the cure) I'll fix you with my love
But I'm still in love with Judas, baby
I gotta diamond heart Young, wild, American
To the planet I can't help the way I'm feeling
So happy I could die and it's alright Eh-eh, eh-eh ye-ha, ye-ha
And don't stop the party [Chorus: Lady Gaga]
I am my hair, I am my hair
And two last regrets
You're black, white, beige, chola descent
I need a man who makes me alright (man who makes me alright)
Know that I'm not sorry
I'm on the edge of something final we call life tonight alright, alright Put on your shades 'cause I'll be dancing in the flames
But it breaks just like a knockoff piece from Fulton Street
Judas kiss me if offenced,
I think you're cool
Right after he proposed with a 16-carat stone wrapped in rose gold OUTRO:
And when you're gone I'll tell them my religion's you
Todos los chicos (chicas) y los chicos (chicas) están besando (La-la-la-la-la-la-la) I don't speak your, I don't speak your language, oh no (la-la-la-la-la-la-la)
I rain on you
Let's white (by the one before) glove the bed