Follow our father
The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye
I smell a massacre
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
[Verse 1: Kanye West]
When did I become A list? I wasn't even on a list
This the rap god shit nigga
And you're still my chosen one, remember who you are
Give up the women
And if you are I hope you have a good time
Bumping r&b;, and I got the leaf, on the 23's
Get on downGet on down
Telling her her son's on life support?
I'm telling you oh, it all falls down 
How you gon' be mad on vacation?
Also, I'm also awesome, also
If you wanna make it number one your number two now
Whole family gettin' money, thank God for E!
Baby I got a plan
Maybe we can start againBut if you really cared for her
Every time that we hear them
Wait a second, everybody here, I'm the ghetto Oprah
I be so far u-u-u-u-up, we don't give a fuu-uu-uuck
Thug life, rock life
And hey, you know ain't nobody perfect
How 'Ye doin? I'm survivin'
A creative way to rhyme without usin' nines and guns
Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it
Got a fresh cut, straight out the salon, bitchI know you're tired of loving, of loving
Gave him what I had left
I'm talking George Tenet, I seen him the other day
And I'll be taking all the stacks[Verse 2: Desiigner]
Who thought you how to put some Jimmy Choos on?
We all went to Den and then I had to pay
If you ask, lost my soul
See before I let you go, one last thing I need to let you know
Now everybody is movin' they body
I used the Western Union for you like it's no prob
Alright, alright, alright
Hey yo, I know of some things that you ain't told me
'Member we all was broke
I know you can't believe
I turnt the nightclub out of the basement
Who her? I forgot her nameOoh like I don't, like I don't know nobody
I guess that's why I'm here and I can't come back home
To the left, to the right
I'll turn the plane 'round, your ass keep complaining
Y'all sleeping on your boy, had a good snooze?
You know what that mean? You get a fur! You get a fur!
Yeah, I'm talking B', nigga, I'm talking me
At least you know that's nothing new
Uh, y'all pay the price, I pay the difference, it's just different
I think I think too much
Cause I already know how this thing go
Haters give me them salty looks, Lowry's
You don't need to listen to your manager
Something about Mary, she gone off that Molly
You should be honored by my lateness
We be in the bathroom fucking like
Plenty bitches in the baller-nigga matrix
I feel it's fadin'[Verse 2: Post Malone]
Hurry up with my damn ménage
Yo it's got to be cause I'm seasoned
I hope you ready for tonight
Can we get much higher?
Deep, deep, down inside
Lets play the blame gameI love you, more
I pulled up in the Benz, they all got up In
Went through, deep depression when my momma passed
So I can sayHello my only one, just like the mornin' sun
Stop tripping', I'm tripping' off the power
I feel like one day you'll understand me dog
At least you know that's what I'm good atAnd I always find
I'ma buy his album
We'll have wings and we'll flyHello my only one, just like the mornin' sun
Where the bad bitches, huh? Where ya hidin'
That's our costra nostra
The good life, so keep it coming' with the bottlesTill she feel boozed like she bombed out Apollo
Bitch better act like you know better
At that moment I dispersedGet low, alright
Monop' in this bitch, get a change of climate
We know we need
You're way too hot for them to handle you
And I know that you'll take good care of your child
At a certain point I had to stop asking questions
I-I wouldn't last these shows
Fifty K for a verse no album out!
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
If you could feel how my face felt, you would know how Mase felt
I neva been to Brooklyn and I'd like to see what's good.
I love him so much because he's done so much for me
Yeah, we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute, ah!
Nah gonna do, uh its a new now
I don't need your pussy, bitch I'm on my own dick
You ready for the world girl, baby come on go wit me
Dutty wining 'round all these Jamaicans
She went to the doctor got lypo with ya money
With some light-skinned girls and some Kelly Rowlands
Way I wanna go, I don't need you
Tell them put the money in my hand right now.
We the new Jackson's and momma 'bout that action
Fuckin' with a real ass nigga
Find it, Tony Matterhorn dutty wine it, wine it
Maybe we can start again 
Wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
We ain't lettin' everybody in our family business(All the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings)
Them gold Master P ceilings was just a figment
Only I can mention me 
Just killed another career it's a mild day
Scared-to-face-the-world complacent career student
Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are, are, are, are, are, are, are
For my theme song
Nowhere seems to be too far[Hook: Kanye West]
(Yeezy re-upholstered my pussy)
Runaway as fast as you can
He was just gon' say whatever you gon' told him too
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
Whatcha know about the Isley Brothers?Now Kanye, I know I told you to slow it down
Yeah, I'm talking bossy, I ain't talking Kelis
I love her, I want her
I got a dirty mind
I played 'ready for the world', she was ready for some action
Could be mine would you be my love my love, could be mine
My whole life in the hands of God
I heard the beat the same raps that give the track pain
She's so precious with the peer pressure
You wait a couple months then you gon' see
Early morning cartoon shit
(Jesus Walks with me)To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers even the strippers
Then I hope this take away from my sins
Baby, not for nothing I know
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
I guess that she just gon' go buy herself that purse
I got something to lose, so I gotta move
(Yeah, now I'm where i belong girl) makin' love to other gay fish
Tell me who in here can relate, I, I, IPerfect[Part 2]Up in the morning, miss you bad
Your bitch got an ass, but my broad way thicker
Yeezy, Yeezy, take a picture with me on Rodeo
Textin' and drivin' down Mulholland Drive
Though I still got the 100 with the small face, nigga
But she ain't messing wit no broke niggas
I still spit it like it's r&b;, come to the club wit me
Fuckin' up my money so yeah I had to act sane
Oh, how could you be so heartless?Talkin', talkin', talkin', talk
Going out like I'm Montana
That shit don't add up, you're making him mad as fuck
Respark the soul and rebuild the energy?
Why does she be so mad at me for
I'm bill droppin', Ms. Pacman, this pill popping-ass, ho!
First song they played for me was 'bout their friend that just died
So I keep it low, keep a secret code
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
Cause baby I'm awesome
Let's call out names, names, I hate you, more
(Lord) To make these wrongs turn right
If I don't get ran out by Catholics
Man that would be so Kanye, that's all it was Kanye
They don't know 'bout me and you
As I look around, they don't do it like my clique
They don't understand youYou're from a whole other world
I'm just a Chi-town nigga with a Nas flow
Fireworks at Lake Michigan
Well Mama, I know I act a fool
What's best for your family, immediate or extended
I wanna act ballerific like it's all terrific
I was in there like ooh shit I never been here before
But I still drove 30 hours
Got a dark-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson
You might think you've peeped the scene
Any rumor you ever heard about me was true and legendary
[Intro: Johnny "Guitar" Watson & Junie Morrison]
His baby momma's car and crib is bigger than his
I'm telling you oh, it all falls downI say fuck the police, that's how I treat em
Infect me with your loving
Oh the good outweighs the bad even on your worst day
Whipped it out, she said "I never seen snakes on a plane"
A little woozy but a nice night
Like I don't know nobody
Who's provoking you?
Every time I hear bout other, nigga's is stroking you
Were just wasting time, wheres the finish lineSo keep ya love lockdown, ya love lockdown
Crazy, just crazy
Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low
I touch you all over your body baby don't say no to me
I'm living' in that 21st century
My [?] hand over [?]
No use in me tryin to be lyin', I been trying to be signed
Are you willing to sacrifice your life?
Why I only got a problem when you in the hood
Especially when we in the Giuseppe store
You wanna ask some questions 'bout some real shit?
(You're the only power)
To the victims of welfare for we living in hell here hell yeah
I feel it's fadin'I've been so laid out
Will you be my American Boy? American Boy. 
I will shield your name
Come on homie what happened
Besides Ye they can't stand besides me
Ja make them so sunny and trueI'm not sure anymore-more
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye
It's sorta fly you get a chance to say hi to
My dick out, can she suck it right now?
You even let the feds get cha!
She need a daddy
Never gave up
Wood floors in the new apartment
She say she only here for her girl birthday
Breakneck speeds, passenger seat something pretty
This is everything
I feel like MJ, I'm in his shoes
And all our eyes green it only means one thing
Love! I don't get enough of it
And she be dealing with some issues that you can't believe
I g-go for mine, I got to shine
300 bitches, where's the Trojans?
And if they hate then let 'em hate
I feel it
New Gospel homey - take 6. And take this, hatersN-now th-that that don't kill me
Seems to be the only way to back you bastards upGossip gossip
Stupid, but what the fuck do I know?
As I look down at my dia-mond-encrusted piece
And if somebody would've told me a month ago
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Let the sun come out and all the children sayI woke up early this mornin' with a new state of mind
I just talked to 2 Chainz and he said, "tru"
(Oh oh you mad, huh?)Oh oh, she gon' be mad right? Ain't that too bad, right?
Crazy
I'm moving all my family from Chatham to Zambia
Money turn your kin into an enemy
This is way too much, I need a momentNo one man should have all that power
I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
Everybody gon' say something
You know what, I got to thank Yeezy
Even though everyone said that I had to make a switch
And wave your body, body, you can get the fuck off this campus
Huh? Ma'fucka', we rolling'
So I got something new to see
I guess the money should've changed them
What niggas did in Paris, got 'em hanging off the Eiffel
Head up high, I look to the light
And my sheets still orange from your spray tan
(Jesus Walks)
I just fade awayI feel it...
Yes it will, yes it will (Well well well well)
Ja make them so sunny and true 
South, south, south side! All day, niggaThis Ye, nigga
Scary
What the fuck right now?
Whip that, bitch out
And so far, no cigar
Of our imagination, MTV cribs Now I'm looking at a crib right next to where TC lives
Shout-out to Jackie Chan, I need to stunt right now
I know I was foul bay-bay
Damn, they don't make em like this anymore
And who to blame, you to blame, me to blame
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody (Uh-huh, honey)Close your eyes and let the word paint a thousand pictures
Want you to see all of the lightsGetting mine, baby
It always seems like she talking 'bout me
You never use to talk dirty, but now you you goddamn disgusting
Stop trippin' I'm trippin' off the power
Four times that you say don't text me hoe
Roll my weed on it, that's an ass'tray
Roll up, roll up
Hey, I'm goodWelcome to the good life
I'm liking this American Boy. American Boy.[Chorus:]
You choose, you choose
Plus Kimoji just shut down the app store, uh!
Would everybody stop buggin'? they don't want nothin'
Saying "We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast!"
Lil Boosie with the white now
You know what that mean, I'm fly to death
And still will be in love wit meShe said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross
You know need to watch the way you talkin' to me, yo
I'm drunk and high at the same time, drinkin' champagne on the airplane
Pardon, I'm getting my scream on
Start a Fight Club, Brad reputation
I guess you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I said, "Shit I'm chilling
Screaming no no no, no no
I think the storm ran out of rain, the clouds are movin'
How many?
I need you right now!Let's get lost tonight
Rain pourin' (pourin'), all my cars is foreign (foreign)
And then they say (hey) and then they say (21st century schizoid man)Fuck S-N-L and the whole cast
(21st century schizoid man)The system broken, the schools closed, the prisons open
Man I can understand how it might be
Everybody know (I'm a motherfucking monster)
Please (shake that body, party that bod-)
Chi nigga but these hos love my accent
Man, man I wouldn't let a moment pass
Trying to be a millionaire, how I used two lifelines
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
South, south, south side, all day niggaWell, well, well
Standing at my podium
I got my own Jr. on the way, dawg
Do the rap and the track triple double no assist
She keep pushin' me back, good dick'll do that
You are not invited to the other side of sanity
Walking, living, breathing, girl you know my past well
Single black female addicted to retail and wellOh when it all, it all falls down
So when I'm on vacay, I need to kick back
Shut down the whole party
To real friends, to the real end
Pray for the parents(Yes darling...Hallelujah)
Sometimes I'm wishing that my dick had, go pro
When it comes to my sound which is the champion sound, believe believe!Well, it is a weeping and a moaning and a gnashing of teeth in the dance hall
Invites to all my niggas, impregnate Bridget
So goodnight, cruel world, I see you in the mornin'
I got plenty of stuff of Bugatti, whip look how I try this shit
How you feeling right now, let me see you ladies in the air
Huh?Real friends
I am a GodAin't no way I'm giving up on my god 
F*ck the church up, I'm drinkin' at the communion
Rubbing my name threw the mud
You know just what we want
Well I guess a blowjob's better than no job[Hook]
The drama, people suing me
This is family business
Leave a pretty girl sad reputation
Rich slave in the fabric store picking cotton
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt!
The pressure, the problem ain't I be drivin'
And still be addicted to them hood rats
Just cause he a nerd and you don't know what a condom is
Screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it
You're so out the park
We was down in Tribeca
Make me get spiritual
Good morning
I had to take 'em to that ghetto university (All of the lights)Cop lights, flash lights, spot lights
I can't keep my cool, so I keep it true
Work the middle 'til it hurt a little
But you ain't have to tell my girl I used to pee in the bedRain, rain, rain go away
I decided we weren't goin' speak so
So I think it's time for us to have a toastLet's have a toast for the douche bags
Expedition was Eddie Bauer edition
Niggas thinkin' I'm crazy, you defendin' me
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now (I want Jesus)
You was the best of all time at the time though
Niggas come from out of town, I like to show her off
Why you frontin' on meCause I'd rather do nothing with you
I was drinkin' earlier, now I'm drivin'
Into real life, if you try to
I'm just gonna say good nightUh, to you
Want you to see all of the lightsRestraining order
His rims still moving so I bump a lil Spinners
Call up DJ Mano, shout out Twilite Tone
You can never go too far when you can't come back home again
I got a couple past due bills, I won't get specific
You call me motherfucker for long
Of weak content and slow jammin'
And I heard the whole thingI heard the whole thing
Oh, how could you be so heartless?How could be so Dr. Evil, you bringin' out a side of me that I don't know
Cause I'm the gayest of the gay fish (gay fish)Mother fuckin' gay fish
Get down girl go headCutie the bomb
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothingLa la la la
All I get is these vampires and blood suckers
I love rockin' jewelry, a whole neck full
The same problem that my father had
No I said I'm through, but got love for you
Ribena, I know what you're drinkin,
Nothing unwantedJust want to feel liberated, I, I, I
Just hello, just hello
I threw suicides on the private jet
What if we fucked right in the middle
Yea she's a trifling friend indeed
Hurt him bad, people get divorced for that
Get arrested, guess until he get the message
Hope you're doin' your thing too
I pullin up stuff in the Phantom ship
Did I not mention I was about to lose my mind? (My mind, my mind, my mind)
In this white man's world, we the ones chosen
On an ultra light beam
Nowhere seems to be too far
Hands up, hands up and the cops shot usHold on, hold on, hold on
Yeah, then me and wifey make a movie
Hope you killas understand meI just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
The pop community, I mean these bitches come with union fee
With a baby Louis Vuitton
I'm heading home, I'm almost there
It feel like VA, or the Bay, or Ye
And I always find, yeah I always find somethin' wrong
No to X ratedI am a god
Taking all the stacks, oh[Verse 3: Desiigner]
Let's have a toast for the jerk offs
I'm just young, rich, and tasteless
Yeah I'm in that Tonka, color of Willy Wonka
They've been lookin' at the Gram, I've been lookin' at the Grammys
I tried to tell you but all I could say is ohWhoa, whoa, oh
That's Tom Cruise, whatever she accuse
We ain't goin' nowhere, but got suits and cases
Get down girl go head 
I'll be more supportive
And I, and I love it
I'm too black, I'm too vocal, I'm too flagrant
Now ya doin' ya thangGood morning
I keep it 300, like the Romans
Al Green
Let's call out names, names, for sureOn a bathroom wall I wrote
And I do it (well well well well)
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit
This that what we do, don't tell your mom shit
They mad they're still nameless
Nike, Nike treat employees just like slaves
If I'll be with you, baby I'm confused
I ain't gonna just sleep with any fish no more
Real friends
Tell me who in here can relateNow if I fuck this model
How many real friends?
(You ain't got no Yeezy, nigga?)
Only thing open is Waffle House, girl don't start with me
Fronting though, yo I wouldn't wanna know
So I can't jeopardize that for one of these hoes
And drink some wine like Communion
Except mine tinted and his might have been rented
Now we be way too busy just to make time
La da da da di da da-a, la-a
Dirt and grime and filth inside
I rather buy 80 gold chains and go ig'nant
You got a new friend, well I got homies
Tell mama that I only want [?] mineOne life, one night
Take me to Broadway.
I said baby, spin that round and say the alphabet backwards
I just fade away
She was with me before the deal, she been trying to be mine
I got seven hundred emails in my inbox
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohYeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
I talked to God about you, he said he sent you an angel
Stop all that coon shit
I would've been blacked out on your assGod, God, God, God!
No matter how hard they try, whoo!
And she got the goods
It's getting hot in here that's all that I know
White X6, killing on camera 
At that moment I dispersedAll day, niggaHow-h-how long you ball? All day, nigga
Cause it's Louis Vuitton Don night
Fucking with my cliqueAin't nobody fresher than my mothafuckin' clique
Like I was laying on my arm I'm on my side
Two times cause we got the whole city lit
Get, get on down 
Keep it on a roll, only god knows
I'm liking this American Boy. American Boy[Chorus:]
I don't care what none of y'all say I still love herNow I ain't saying she a gold digger
Every joke that they told I'd know to laugh
Cause everybody got 'em, that ain't children
Let me know if it's a problem then
(I'm a fish yo) goin' on a gay fish
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny
Pink fur, got Nori dressing like Cam, thank God for me
So much head, I woke up to Sleepy HollowCan we get much higher?
We ain't got nothing' to lose, ma' fucka', we rolling
She said I can tell you ROC
I'm out here from a very far away place
You ain't know Twista could work it like the Whispers?
She ain't really bad, she a photo thot
Couture from the store's department
Lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of L-O-V-E
Some want you dead, ayAll day niggaI took a deep sweet breath, and I reached into my head
I'm more of the, trips to Florida
Hey, teacher, teacher
Okay, Lamborghini Mercy, your chick, she so thirsty
I know he the most high
And I'll-I'll let God decide-cide
I cannot blame you for havin' an angle
If Nike ain't have Don C, man they wouldn't have nothin', ooh!
And all my women in doubles, I'm at the DoubleTree
(All of the lights, all of the lights)
I need you right now
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Sneaker's looking Fresh to Death I'm lovin those Shell Toes.
I won't stop, I won't mess my groove up
Plus, yo my bitch make your bitch look like Precious
If you fucking with this girl then you betta be payed
Let's call out names, names, for sureI can't love you this much
Credit cards and the scanners
They want to rap and make soul beats just like you
Niggas do the most and they ain't done shit
Story on MTV and I ain't trying to make a band
Uh, this that prom shit
Stacks, oh
Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
And we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute
Hold on I'm tryna get loose, please don't get shit confused
Then I spent 400 bucks on this
I'm tryna keep my faithFather this prayer is for everyone that feels they're not good enough
You get a jet! You get a jet! Big booty bitch for you! Woo! 
I'm pulling up in that Bruce Wayne but I'm the fucking villain,
Wake up, Mr West
After that, give you something to drink
Like a flight with no visa
You know why
I be thinkin' every day
From the moments of pain
Who, who the fuck got your pussy all re-upholstered?
Then she cut it all off now she look like Eve
I can't deny it, I'm a straight rider
[Intro]
Soon as the moon hit
It seems we living the american dream
I'm good 
Into the nightIn the night, I hear 'em talk
Like Martin with no Gina
Virgil Pyrex, Don C snapback
Whole buncha lot of shit
Hustlers, that's if you're still livin'
In the night, I hear 'em talk
My Audemar like Mardi Gras, that's Swiss time and that's excellence
Swish, swish, how long they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Y'all pop the trunk, I pop the hood, Ferrari
Ride around with a bulletproof car and some tints?
(It's alright girl) makin' love to other gay fishAll those lonely nights at the grocery store
For all the girls that got dick from Kanye West
That white frost on that pound cake so your Duncan Hines is irrelevant
Now, we gettin' it and we gon' make it
And from that point I never blow her off
Maybe you, do you remember when?
Beautiful morning, give me some in morning baby
Pour some Hen out for my niggas that died, all day, nigga
Friday night tryna make it into the city
I'm a Chicago south siderAyy, y'all heard about the good news?
Now all I know I know all these thingsAll these things 
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Yes its awful blasted boring
Cheated on every test
I mean damn, what would Jeromey Romey Romey Rome think?
Sorry I ain't called you back
Maybe we could still make it to the church steps
I read your last message at least 1000 times
Good morningGood morning
Twisting dope, lean, and the Fanta
What I had to do, had to run from you
Better run
Mulholland Drive, need to put up some god damn barricades
Just to ask you a question
Word in the streets is they ain't heard from him
How did you learn, how, how did your pussy game come up?
Thinking back to how I got here in the first place
Letting everything goNow this would be a beautiful death
10 thousand dollar fur for Nori, I just copped it (Yo!)
God I'm willing
'Til the wheels fall off, 'til the wheels don't spin
Don't do no press but I get the most press, kid
What if we fuck right now?
Ain't my fault you ain't the man, made a plan, man it was planned
(I can feel it)
We never gonna die, whoo!
Now throw your hands up in the skyI'ma get on this TV mama, I'ma
Cause we're the almost nearly extinct
And will do anything when the time's right
Get the Porsche out the damn garage
I been feeling all I'm giving
What do it mean when you dream that you fallin'
I need you right now!You know how long I've been on ya?
Man I swear she fine homes, why she always lying though?
Young money is the roster and the monster crew
Then what you call that?Victorious
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my house
What up? Alright, alright
Cause I, I look to the light[Chance The Rapper]
(Gay fish) now I know that I'm a gay fish (gay fish)(Gay fish Yo) mother fuckin' gay fish
Selling bar, candy
And the hell, it wouldn't spare us
He wasn't really drunk he just had a few brews
See I abducted you, so I tell ya what to do[Katy Perry]
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at thePull up in the monster
All praise to Allah, not Ramadan but these bitches fast
(And moved her back in Paris)Can we get much higher? So high
Ándale Ándale E.I, E.I, oh, oh
It's grind day, from Friday, to next Friday
I done hit it from the back, to the melody and rode it slow
PETA's mad cause I made a jacket outta possum
When time it comes to my sound, which is the champion sound
Looked like Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky, it was televised
You probably find one of them "I like art" type girls
When it comes to my sound which is the champion sound, believe believe!
Checkin' MediaTakeOut
That major that she majored in don't make no money
Told her she take me back
Leaves my body glowingThey say be afraid
So I could play that shit back in, slo-mo
God damn, got a bald fade, I might slam
You always said Yeezy I ain't you're right girl
Super hard on Thanksgiving and Christmas, this can't be right
Liquor pouring and niggas swarming your section with erection
Every move is magicYou're from a whole other world
Your love is fadin'[Hook: Ty Dolla $ign]
They tell you read this, eat this, don't look around
You can't be still
Maybe you could pull em up outta your dreams
You'd never shed a tear, have a fear, no you wouldn't do that
Till I get flashed by the paparazzi
What do you know? Flashing lights, lights
Come Erykah Badu me, well, let's make a movie
I was bred to get in
Mi need dem
If somebody would've told me a year ago
In the nighttime her face lit up, so astounding
Taking all the stacks, oh
While getting' some brain
But I couldn't tell you who decide wars
Swizz told me let the beat rockFor all my Southside niggas that know me best
And you can't make it right
To make this my mission
I must got a angel
I'm crying now, it feels so good to be free, to be accepted for who you are and loved no matter what
I need you to hurry up now
Hundred killers, hundred hammers
Order, huh
I know damn well y'all feelin' this shit
And this is for the family that can't be with us
So I roll through good
I mean after all the things we got into
I bet no one knew, I got no one new
But in the end it's still so lonelyIn the night, I hear 'em talk
Wait 'til I get my money right
My dawgs couldn't tell if I
You don't want ya dude to smoke but he can't buy weed
Don't make me pull the toys
All of the lights (All of the lights)
But when we get together be electric slidin'
A little Anita will definitely set this party off right
And now I got my wish, cause i know that I'm a gay fish (gay fish)(Gay fish Yo) mother fuckin' gay fish
But it'll fade before I get to get a hold of that
They need that Ye in the streets, boy, there's been a motherfucking drought
This week he mopping floors next week it's the fries
Talking 'bout what niggas tryna do: just not new
Somebody please say grace so I can save face
These niggas ain't doin' shit
Huh? I see you in the mornin'
Pass the refreshments, a cool, cool beverage
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman (sonic boom!)Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, this is pure luxury
Up in the morning, miss you bad
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Cause how he move in a room full of No's?
I'm aware I'm a king
And here's a few snake-ass niggas to bite you
You know it, L.A., it's so jammin'
You went to bezel! This is the motherfucker I wanted
Now keep ya love lockdown, ya love lockdown
One time for a nigga really getting it
She's on a diet but my pockets eating cheese cake
Pink-ass polos with a fucking backpack
Take me to New York, I'd love to see LA.
Like I don't know nobody, like I don't know nobody
I'm just saying, Hey Mona Lisa
On the field I'm over reckless, on my Odell Beckham
Pink wig thick ass give 'em whip lash
But I'm looking for more
I am trying to get you out here with these white people and
Pray for Paris
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
In a French-ass restaurant
Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine
You lose, you lose
Be it Yellow Fin or Bass or them trout in Vermont
Who do you turn to?
Life is a, uh, depending how you dress her
I been waiting for a minute
And what'd I do? Act more stupidly
But now I need you to do it faster baby, can you please, do it faster, do it
I'm living the future so the presence is my past
So I look to the light
And then they say (hey) and then they say (21st century schizoid man)Holy, powers, Austin, Powers
So to hell with all that rubbish[Estelle:]
I walk through the valley of Chi where death is
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman (Yo!)Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I feel so accomplished
And when I see that nigga I'ma thank him
They like oh god!
And you can live through anything if Magic made it
Okay, Lamborghini Mercy (swerve), your chick, she so thirsty (Swerve)
Like, woo, that's us right now
Like the way he's speaking his confidence is peaking.
Oh lord thank you, you are the joy of my lifeHigh lights
If Nike ain't have Drizzy, man they wouldn't have nothin', woo!
Let me see your middle finger in the air
I'm just gonna say good nightRight now I can see it so vivid
I don't fuck with fake dudes wearin' fake trues
Before I lose half of what I own
Can I come inside?
How you say broke in Spanish? Me no hablo
At the end of day, goddammit I'm killin' this shit
Them niggas ain't doing shit
I was uninspired since Lauryn Hill retired
For that Jesus piece, man, I've been saved, nigga
Flashing lights, lightsLights, lights, lights, lights 
The next generation will be the real victims
All right, all right, I admit it
Pound of this cost four thousand, I make it rain, she want more showers
Why we up three A.M. on the phone
And that girl ain't even religious
G.O.O.D. Music drug-dealing cousin, ain't nothing fuckin' with we
Fat motherfucker now look who's in trouble
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh 
Profit profit, nigga I got it
Drinkin' like it's no tomorrow, what's today? I'm in the Matrix
Could you be my love, my love.
Get stacks, drive cars
Till about 2 A.M. and I call back and I hang up and start to blame myself
But the people highest up got the lowest self esteem
It's just me, I do it my way, bitch
Spent the whole summer
All of the lights, she was caught in the hype girl
Ooh, they so sensitive
I'm drivin' with no winter tires in December
Top floor of the view alone will leave you breathless
I'm a Chicago south sider
Want you to see everything
I can tell you when I'm messing wit Kan man and Twist in the Chi
And hey, ayo, we made it, Thanksgiving
Flashing lights, lights
Please (shake that body, party that body)[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar & Kanye West]
Who the hottest in the world right now.
Cause I'm coming home again
A different dimension
What if we just fucked up this whole party
There's been an accident like GEICO
Stupid niggas gettin' money, Forrest Gump right now
So amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin'I'm amazin'
Step into the fantasy
Runaway
To know some, if we both honest
Get low, alright
Been a long time since I spoke to you
But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
I kill a block I murder avenues, I!
Talked down on my name, throwed dirt on himI couldn't tell you how old your daughter was
We bout to get this paperPablo bought a Roley and a rottweiler
I'm just saying how I feel man
You could leave or live wit' it
You'll never take that from me
I really want to come kick it with you.
Abby, remember when they ain't believe in me?
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothingLet up the suicide doors
Lookin' at every ass
The good life, it feel like Atlanta
But I been talking to God for so long and if you look at my life I guess he's talking back
I just copped a jet to fly over personal debt
Take me to Chicago, San Francisco Bay.
God show me the way because the Devil's tryin' to break me down
I guess I get what I deserved on 'em
Hairdresser from Milan, that's the monster do
That's when you die hard
My psychiatrist got kids that I inspired
God put me in the plans or not
R&B; singers and lesbians, rappers and managers
Try to catch it, it's kinda hard
I am a GodI just talked to Jesus
You more like L'eau de Stardee shit
I'm in that two seat Lambo' with your girl, she tryna jerk me (Swerve)Well! It is a weeping and a moaning and a gnashing of teeth
Mr. by-his-self-he-so-impressed
Smokey Robinson
At the end of it you know we both were wrongBut I love to play the blame game, I love you more
Since O.J. had isotoners
To be honest, dawg I ain't feelin' your energy
Toys "R" Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
Who knew I'd have to look at you through a glass?
So close, but so far
You say, "I'm good" then great, next day they ask you for somethin'
Deliver us peace
I give 'em grey poupon on a DJ Mustard, ah!
But I know that God put you in front of me
Her man in the store tryna try his best
(Gay fish, gay fish, gay fish, gay fish, gay fish, gay fish...) 
Cause they make us hate ourself and love they wealth
To my surprise, a nigga replacing me
Who your real friends? We all came from the bottom
Who's faultLet's play the blame game, I love you, more
Should of got that insured got GEICO for ya money
She looking like she owe you some
And also was about to do that line (Line, line, line)
I got an Aunt Ruth that can't remember your name
You got the world 'cause you got love in your hands
Do anybody feel bad for Bill Cosby?
If he can move through the rumors, he can drive off fumes
You should be grateful a nigga like me ever noticed you
I mean, damn, did you even see the test
Yep, then I made myself a smoothie
Hey, cause I know that you'll make everything alright
Man why can't life always be this easy
We walk away like strangers in the street
White X6, killing on cameraHow can I find you?
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
It feel like Philly, it feel like D.C.
Got the food in Islam and the trenches hah?
But how many honest? Trust issues
Suicide, what kinda talk is that?
Like I ain't got enough pressure to deal with
Like me ain't supposed to be gettin' no pussy like this
Might not come when you want but I'm on timeAyy, y'all heard about the good news?
Oh when it all, it all falls down
I feel it...
Pour out my feelings
Even though I knew, he never told the truth
Old folks talking 'bout back in my day
Now we out in Paris, yeah I'm Perrierin'
They calling me an alien
And yeah G, I was all for it
I'm tired, you tired, Jesus weptI know you're tired of loving, of loving
Can't let her grow up in that ghetto university (All of the lights)Cop lights, flash lights, spot lights
Girl it's 5 in the morning
Welcome to graduationGood morning
How many runners do you got on call? All day, nigga
I'ma put shit down
Fashion show in Gotham, I need another costume
I want to talk to God, but I'm afraid because we ain't spoke in so long, so longSo long
Everybody wanna know what my Achilles heel is
Where they driving spaceships instead of cars
Takin' my inner child, I'm fighting for its custody
Man I've been waiting all night now
Like I'm new in the hood, the only thing I wish?
That right there could drive a sane man berserk
Then you can't tell me nothing right? 
Like we always do at this time
Bam bam
Forget barbie fuck Nicki she's fake
OK first things first I'll eat your brains
Last month I helped her with the car payment
I did that time and spent that bread
I know I got a bad reputation
James Harden, Swaggy P runnin' up the budget (Yoga flame!)
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
Yeah you heard the track I did man, this can't be life
Herzog and Adidas, man you know they love it
Baby don't get too loud, loud
20 Gs for the Yeezy's off of eBay
You'll be my American BoyLa da da di da (4x)
Come on, let's take a family Grammy picture
Ashford & Simpson
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohLook like a fat booty Celine Dion
I will die for those I love
Let the sun come out and all the children say
Get money, money, money, money
Is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts
But he just can't seem to get Kanye fresh
I drink a Boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dessert
I've been on my shit
P!Never was much of a romantic
I know you ain't getting this type of dick from that local dude
Fuck arguing harvesting the feelings, I'd rather be by my fucking self
Can you bring your price down?
But you were suckin' a nigga's dick the whole time
When I pulled up to the light
Pockets on Shrek, rockets on deck
Twisted fiction, sick addiction
Pictures of me drunk walkin' out with a bitch
But I'mma have the last laugh in the end
Niggas ain't real as they pretend to beLookin' for all my real friends
No matter how much of a thug you see
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coop/coupeOh when it all, it all falls down
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me 
And I'm bout to take it to another level bitch
I feel it[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Nobody else had swag, man, we the Rat Pack
Let's call out names, names, for sure
We shine because they hate us, floss cause they degrade us
I'm in that two seat Lambo' with your girl, she tryna jerk me
Feeling like Katrina with no fema
They be asking round town who be clappin shit
Wanna feel your powers
Cause right now thou hast forsaken us
And who no have teeth gwine run pon them gums caw
A country girl that love Hollywood
They don't know what we been through
Kinda hard to love a girl like me
Tell mama that I only want [?] mine
Ja make them so sunny and trueI don't wanna say goodbye to you
Ugh, cause that left a script on your ass like Wesley and Spike
I'm tripping, I'm caught up in the moment, right?
And I keep a bad bitch on the passenger side, all day, nigga
How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes?
Having' money's the everything that having' it is
I know this world is changin'Never gave in
Have you seen her
He deserves an applauseSo amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin' 
You throw your motherfucking hands in the air
My childlike creativity, purity and honesty
All his cash, market crashed
Acting straight but then going out to the gay fish clubs
I gotta move, I gotta dance
That means guns, sex, lies, video tape
I ain't gotta power trip, who you goin' home with?
Murder murder in black convertibles
The head still good though, the head still good though
I was fuckin' parts of your pussy I never fucked before
I'm also awesome 
My block behind me like I'm coming out the driveway
And now she find out what life is really worth
You don't need me to ever write
All I see is these fake fucks with no fangs
When it come to rocking the rhythm like Marvin and Luther
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man
But I am a close high
I been living without limits
And 3 Stacks, man, you preach it to the choir
For my children
You got D's motherfucker, D's, Rosie Perez
I rip every one of these motherfuckers down
Of my memory's museum
Bottle service, head service, I came in first place
Woah[Hook: Ty Dolla $ign]
For all my niggas with babies by bitches
Soon as she have a baby she gon' make another nigga
why you go so hard?
Yeezy taught you well, Yeezy taught you well 
Get, get on down
The good life, it feel like Houston
You motherfuckers living like half of your level, half of your life
Jumping out the window
Second class bitches wouldn't let me on first base
I'm talkin' Montell Jordan, this is how we do
But hey, their backstroke I'm tryna perfect
I'm not loving you, the way I wanted toSo keep ya love lockdown, ya love lockdown
God show me the way because the devil trying to break me down
She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition
Get down girl go headNow I ain't saying you a gold digger you got needs
And you don't want to stay there 'cause them your worst cousins
Cause they got more (Ass than the models)
Big, big money, money, money, money
The clock's tickin', I just count the hours
If I should make it right
The plan was to drink until the pain over
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
Yo mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
Glory be to god yeah
Where we like the girls who ain't on TV
How many times did it take til I finally got through
Off the road, jaw was broke
And I thank you, I thank you, my dick thanks you!
Hoes like vultures wanna fly in your Freddy loafers
I don't wanna hear what some niggas might do
Where you learn to treat a nigga like this?
Know it ain't no wrong
Even the one that stole the laptop, you dirty motherfucker[Bridge: Larry Graham]
And look, tell me you ain't did it, you ain't did it
Run away fast as you canTwenty four seven, three sixty five
Wake up like everyday new to you
Tell me what's next, aliens have sex
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
And I want two of these, moving units through consumer streets
Turn up the bass 'til it's up-in-your-face level
And I don't think there is nothing I can do now to right my wrongs
Okay, Lamborghini Mercy, your chick, she so thirsty (boy)
Who is knocking at my door-door
All these fancy things
The opportunity, the proper top of breast and booty cheek
Everybody fired up this eveningI'm exhausted
Know that motherfucker well, what you gon' do now
I know Spike Lee gon' kill me but let me finish
She remember my Sprinter, said "I was in the grape van"
Right now, lookin' real sus right now
It is a weeping and a moaning and a gnashing of teeth
So ya never know, never never know
Mi casa es su casa
I told God I'd be back in a second
Comes with a price tag, baby face it
Black out the room, bitch
Since the tight jeans they never liked you
And you're still my chosen one
Something smellin' like shit, that's the new fragrance
Lochness, Goblin, Ghoul, a zombie with no conscience
An I gotta take all they bad ass to show-biz
Now it's Denny's, 4 in the morning, spoil your appetite
Set the party, really set the party off right
Everything we dreamed of
God, God, God, God! 
Will you be my American Boy? American Boy.Can we get away this weekend.
Act like you can't tell who made this
They say I talk with so much emphasis
You can give me this motherfucking robeYou Kansas City idol
Rap singer, chain blinger,
Nigga down for like 12 years, ain't hug his son since second grade
Walkin that walk.
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
Sittin' here, grillin' people like George Foreman
You're my freak dreams
Like a photo of your granny's picture
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
Futuristic lover
Because it makes you feel so strong
Act like you ain't took a bath with your cousins
You'll be my American BoyTell'em wagwan blad![Kanye West:]
Think yo motherfucker really real need to cool out
Or your brother's the one that you're running from, but if you got money, fuck it, cause I want someB.I.G. fuckin' with me, oh god, whoaOK ain't nobody fucking with my clique, clique, clique, clique, clique
He knows, he so, fuckin' gifted
And this is for my cousin locked down, know the answer's in us
I'ma bring the cool whip, then I want you to strip
It's funny I ain't spoke to niggas in centuries
I go, I go, ay ay, I go
I ask, cause I'm not sure:
Hey, I'm goodHave you ever popped champagne on a plane
My psychic told me she have a ass like Serena
You want a boss or an R&B; nigga with a six pack?
I can't love you this much
She in the mirror dancing so sleazy
Freddie Jackson
Rollies and Pasha's done drove me crazy
Yeah I'm talking LeBron, we ball in our family tree
Get it right, eh
We want the lord, he's sick
And I-I wouldn't last these shows
Merry Christmas, then I'm finished, then it's back to business
And you just goin' keep hatin' me
Whether you broke or rich you gotta get biz
(I feel it's fadin')[Outro]
So here go my single dog radio needs this
I can, I can sing it, yeahI need you right now
I was out here spazzin', all y'all get the message?
A backpack nigga with luxury taste buds
I'd be worried if they said nothing
Tryna draw blood from my ice cold veins
Reach for the stars so if you fall, you land on a cloud
It feel like L.A., it feel like Miami
Deep inside
(Lights, lights) All of the lightsTurn up the lights in here baby
I swear this right here, history in the making, manWhat if somebody from the Chi' that was ill got a deal
I'm tryna fuck her
And you thought he was cute before,
Have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches?
I want to wake up with youBeautiful morning, give me some in morning baby
In my past, you on the other side of the glass
And what I loved most she had so much soul
Pockets swole, Danny
Only problem is I'm rich
Awesome, Steve Jobs mixed with Steve Austin
These niggas ass-water, get the Drano
Split and go where?
Even if the money low, can't pay me
Well! It is a weeping and a moaning and a gnashing of teeth
It's not many of us, we smile at each other
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)
Just throw this at the end and fuckin' wait for the April
Homie, this shit is basic
Everybody knows I'm a motherfucking monster
Baby we living in the moment
I ain't here to argue about his facial features
If you don't know by now, I'm talking 'bout Chi-Town!I'm coming home again
See, I could have me a good girl
Pray for the parents
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei, nigga
Oh, how could you be so heartless? 
She said it felt like they walked and drove on me
And I drove back 30 hours
Hell, you know my repertoire is like a wrestler
No questions, no questions please, just on your knees
So mommy best advice is to get on top of this
And for that paper, look how low we a'stoop
I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that versace!
And all this (well well well well)
All the faces that I know
Music and iPhone cameras
WoahKnow it ain't no wrong
But I never thought that you would take it this far
So when he buried in a tomb full of gold
Shoppin' for the winter, and it's just May, nigga
So amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin' (Let's go)So amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin'
So you walk around like you don't know me
Back out the tomb bitch
Make me believe in miracles, Buddhist monks and Cap'n Crunch cereal
Couldn't understand why haters joked around
Where niggaz that sell D
And he explained the story about how blacks came from glory
Told him I've been on ten since the 10th grade, nigga
Tell 'em party's in here, we don't need to go out
Now we finna lose all self control
Wake up Versace, shit life Desiigner
Ooh
But if she bad I might hit a bitch in the elevator like Ray Rice
Now keep ya love lockdown, you loseI'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
Stop trippin', I'm trippin' off the powder
No, I can't love you this much
Whole world on my dick
I ain't dropped the album but the shoes went platinum (Woo!)
They ordered champagne but still look thirsty
Sophomore three years aint picked a career
I go for mine, I got to shine
Getting stupid ass straight about the charge
Y'all gon' sit down, have a good time this reunion
Reality is catchin' up with me
You already know that I'm straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
You short-minded niggas thoughts is Napoleon
No more parties in L.A
Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior
So I just meditate at the home in Pompeii
And if I'm fake I ain't notice cause my money ain't!
How could you be so heartless?
Only I can mention me[Verse 2: Kanye West]
My mama couldn't get through to me
Shit is real got me feeling Israelian
The coldest story ever told
Ain't nobody fresher than my mothafuckin' clique, clique, clique, clique, clique
We only making the highlights
Everybody knows (I'm a motherfucking monster)
We stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemies
I'm an asshole? You niggas got jokes
You said let's do a good ass job with Chance three
Stick around, some real feelings might surface
I want to talk to God, but I'm afraid because we ain't spoke in so long
All his time, all he had, all he had
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at theSasquatch, Godzilla, King Kong
And my eyes more red than the devil is
You're the only power that can, ohhhh
From what I heard she got a baby by Busta
Must be the pharoahs, he in tune with his soul
I'ma bust a couple's head open on some Diddy shit
Ask Don C, I've been lit, this 'Ye shit just lit the fuse
Stay true to you, a hood musicalI don't wanna say goodbye to you
Got treasures in my mind but couldn't open up my own vault
Uh, they better watch what they say to me
I can't love you this muchAnd I know that you are somewhere doing your thing
Bound to fall in love (Uh-huh, honey)I wanna fuck you hard on the sink
I love the way you be holding me when I be listening to Jodeci
Ain't nobody watchin'
Then say something where you gon end up apolog'in
And all these bad bitches, man, they want the
So I-I am headed homeI-I crossed the limelight
Let's play the blame game for sureThings used to be, now they not
Black X6, Phantom
I don't think he should
Public visitation
My Mama used to say only Jesus can save us
Where restless niggas might snatch ya necklace
I been this way since Arthur was anteater
Cause I can't wait much longer
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
How you feelin', how you feelin, how you feelin' in this mother fucker, god damn
Don't really matter what I make, boy, you know I still go wild
Cause I can't get much wronger
Real friends, how many of us!?
The good life, let's go on a living' spree
I don't even want to say nothing
She got one of yo kids got you for 18 years
100 bands, cut your girl, now your girl need a band-aid
I was high when I met high
And on her eighteenth birthday he found out it wasn't hisNow I ain't saying she a gold digger
About how I could build a new Rome in one day
Barely breathing
Motherfucker cant pull you across the stage KanyeWho told you, I told you to do something uplifting
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
When I get on my Steve Jobs, somebody gon' get fired
And when some Luther come on I hope you feeling me
But I'll be gone 'til November, I got packs to move, I hope(Jesus Walks)
Is that the one fighting for your soul?
I wanted to be free with other creatures like me
I'm the villain, no really I'm just chillin'
Big family, small house no rooms
But I still talk that CA-A-ASH,
Cause her baby daddy don't really care
Homie I don't know, she's hot and cold
I'mma make sure that they go where they can't go
Or here to convert atheists into believers
I had my life threatened by best friends who had selfish intents
Bad bitch, you dig that
The layers to my soul
'Til then, fuck that, the world's oursAnd then they say (hey) and then they say
And I know, with the hoes I got the worst rep
South, south, south side! All day, niggaI could do this all day, boy, I'm finna turn this bitch out
Chuck dirt on each other like mud wrestlers
I'm on T.V. talking like it's just you and me
The real one is far to mean
You know we need it
Oh, now I'm coming home again
Fresh air, rolling down the window
(How do I find you?) 
Bust a nigga head and then I lay low
My, my God, where'd you learn that?
I'm tryna keep my faith[Kelly Price]
Huh! Y'all eat pieces of shit? What's the basis?
I just met this 5 foot 7 guy who's just my type.
(Yo!)[Verse 1]
Get down girl go headEighteen years, eighteen years
Rain, rain, rain go away
She wants me to get a good ass job just like everybody
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
When I brought it why had guard have to look all to it?
But still drove 30 hours to you[Verse 2]
And you don't really know cause you can't recall them
(I feel it)
I need you right now!I don't know if you got a man or not
I won't go, I won't go
Lord have mercy, thou will not hurt me
Nonsense none of you niggas know where the swamp is
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
Why cant she just runaway
(Jesus Walks with me)
I heard that Cali never rains and New York heart awaits. First let's see the west end.
Cause you was in college complainin' about it's no jobs
I'm a deadbeat cousin, I hate family reunions
Make a nigga say big words and act lyrical
I show you the ropes, connect the dots
Now hear ye hear ye want to see Thee more clearly
Come wit me and sip on some Evelyn Champagne
Until it's Vegas everywhere we are
She a Delta, so she been throwing that Dynasty sign
Look how far we done came
Ayy, y'all heard about the good news?
I'm tryna bathe my eyy, eyy, in your Milky Way
If i ain't on my grind
I'm aware I'm a wolf
Gasp, on the gas, 'til I crash, autopsy said that nigga mashed
The second she storms out then he storms in
Keeping ya love lockdown, ya love lockdown
Could you be the devil
Tell my baby I'm back in town
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp
I'm in that two seat Lambo' with your girl, she tryna jerk me (swerve)Well! It is a weeping and a moaning and a gnashing of teeth
I'm poppin' too, these blue dolphins need two coffins
Remember that like time the episode
Late for the class, in the hallway, nigga
She said she came out here to find an A-list rapper
We make history
Ugh, I'm just having fun with it
Now keep ya love lockdown, you loseI'm not loving you, way I wanted to
These niggas ain't ready for action
And when you smile, I will smile
Chicago, St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
I'm tripping, this drink got me saying a lot
I wanna see everyone's hands in the air like this
Want you to see all of the lightsWhoa, whoa, oh
Treasure, what's you pleasure?
But it's blurry enough to get the fake out
I will feel your pain
The clock's ticking', I just count the hours
Let that man get cash, let that man get past
From an eighth to a key
Told you four times don't test me hoe
Why, oh why'd you do me wrong? (more)
That's how long I been on ya
Please don't pressure me with that bill shit
Yeah I always find
I step in Def Jam building like I'm the shit
They say "How was the abomination of Obama's nation?"
I'm telling you oh, it all falls downMan I promise, she's so self conscious
Where the eyelids go[Verse 1]
No more (Los Angeles)[Outro: Junie Morrison]
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Letting everything goYou got the power to let power go?
Stop everything you're doing now
We want prenup!, yeah
But I'm looking for the one
Keep the work at my baby mama's mama's house
For the pain and it poured every time when it rained
That'll never
That'll never take work off
Cause baby you're awesome
Now that you're gone it hit us
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
You ain't got to get heated at every house warmin'
From the streets of the league
I got the power, make yo' life so exciting (so exciting)Now this would be a beautiful death
We going all the way this time
Win the Superbowl and drive off in a Hyundai
I mean I fuck with your friends but damn Gina
And you know it, and you know itSo follow me up cause this shit's about to go (down)
Claiming I'm overreacting
If I part my heart will live through you
Nothing unwanted
Like them black kids in Chiraq bitchFour in the morning, and I'm zoning
HallelujahI'm tryna keep my faith
Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day.
Revealing the layers to my soul, my soul
No goodbyeI don't wanna say goodbye to you
At least 1000, at least 1000 times
Just peep this, preach us, teach us, Jesus
Chicago - St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
And when the phone called it just ring and ring
Always turn [?][Outro]
You know that a nigga was lost
Grandma, get 'em shook up
I feel it's fadin'
They say that they don't see what you see in me
While I'm laying back smoking on my cannabis
But every holiday nobody eatin' her food
See I wanna move, but can't escape from you
(All the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings)
Was made up centuries ago
And together we are gay fish (gay fish)(Gay fish yo) motherfuckin' gay fish
They be asking us questions, harass, and arrest us
They want the, they want theI tell a bad bitch do whatever I say
What do I know? Flashing lights, lightsAs you recall, you know I love to show off
I think I'm possessed, it's an omen
Lead me into the lightKiss me, ki-ki-kiss me
The best living or dead hands down huh?
And y'all gon' hate it and I'm his favorite
Don't act like I never told yaN-now th-that that don't kill me
And this is for everybody standin' with us
God damn Yeezy how I hit 'em with a new style
Get down girl go head get down
But first, you gon' remember how to forget
I wake up, assessin' the damages
And my niggas ain't my guys, they my family dog
She get under your skin if you-uh
Young producer just trying to get his flows off
That pussy should only be holding exclusive rights to me, I mean
Look at you, motheruckin' butt ass naked, with them, Jimmy Choos on
You niggas ain't breathing you gasping
Now you noticeable like can't nobody get control you
We can't dwell on the past all we got is today
And I'll say bride of Chucky is Child's play
My presence is a present kiss my assGossip gossip
Every time I'm in Vegas they screaming like he's Elvis
I sent this bitch a picture of my dick
Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh
You call down for an omelet
(I saw the devil) In a Chrysler LeBaron
My leather black jeans on
You open my eyes
I'mma feel like an asshole
I work them long nights, long nights to get a pay day (Huh!)
And now I look and look around and there's so many Kanye's
Old niggas mentally still in high school
While I hop in the Delorean
Then I'mma start rocking gold teeth and fangs
He gone make it into a Benz out of that Datson
If you ain't with us, you in our way, nigga
From the very start
I'm trying watch my sodium
What a feeling, ah man, they gotta be
Only way I can sum it up, son of a bitch(Hands up, hands up)
Can't let them get to me
Hide 'til its bright out
(Jesus Walks with me, with me, with me, with me, with me)You know what the Midwest is?
Run away fast as you canRunaway from me baby
I got filthy ways
You done went all porno on a nigga OK
As a last resort, and my first resort
Let me tell you, I'm out here
As you run through my jungles all you hear is rumbles
God damn
Then I get there and all the Popeye's is finished girl
White X6, panda
I'm the only one that's in control
Gon' for eternity
And though I didn't pick the day to turn the page
Won't even get pulled over in they new V
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
Im about that Farrakhan
What if Kanye made a song about Kanye
Your love is fadin'Know it ain't no wrong
Fill me with your poisonTake me, ta-ta-take me
But Saint is baby Ye, I ain't worried 'bout him
Ibn diamond, Chi-town shining
Do you think about me now and then?
She walking around looking like Micheal with ya money
Here come some conservative Baptists
Hey yo, I did some things but that's the old me
You a Rico Suave, nigga
I'm just trying to say the way school need teachers
Arguin' with my older bitch acting like I owe her shit
If you see 'em in the streets give 'em Kanye's bests
I'm tryna keep my faith
He got that ambition baby look in his eyes
It took 6 months to get the Maybach all matted out
Sorry for the night demons that still visit me
Like where was you last week? My nigga the fuck was you hidin'?
Where the eyelids...
In a bathroom gripping you up and choking you
So we gonna do everything that Kan like
I'm doing 500, I'm outta control (now)
Bitches say he funny and disrespectful
I used to love Kanye
I just wanted you to knowI be Puerto Rican day parade floatin'
So hey, maybe we can make it to Christmas
And keep your face to the risin' sun
A'ight man, holla thenLa la la la
And yes, barely pass any and every class
I've been a menace for the longest
N-now th-that that don't kill me
The sun is in my eyes, whoo!
You're so freakin' tight
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
I'll call you bitch for sure
You realize we at the DoubleTree, not the Aria
This another one champion sound
I remember! Twista had this on in The Source
For everyone who feels they said they've said sorry too many times
(And the fires did declare us)
A 38-year-old 8-year-old with rich nigga problems
I threw suicides on the tour bus
Step back, can't get spunk on the mink
Your kiss is cosmic
In the blink of a eye, his whole life changed
We rappers are role models we rap we don't think
Yeah, he might have hit it first
Who the fuck happened?
You should go and get your ownGetting mine, baby
Knock it off, Neiman's, shop it off
She said "'Ye, keep making that keep making that platinum and gold for me!"I'm coming home again
I been down this road, too many times before
(Perfect!)[Hook]
Then my shoe released, she was kicking in gratuity
Niggas just stop it
That's why shortys hollering "where the ballas' at?"
I need you right nowI miss the old Kanye, shit from the gold Kanye
Bought more jewelry, More Louis V.
Baby, I got a plan
Every bag, every blouse, every bracelet
(I want Jesus)
And next time when I look in your eyes
You had me drivin' far enough to switch the time zone
Talked down on my name, throwed dirt on him 
I might let my crew bang, my crew deeper than Wu-Tang
No matter what you've been through or where you've been he's always there
Hotter than a middle eastern climate
When was the last time I remembered a birthday?
It take too much to touch her
None of you niggas have seen the carnage that I've seen
I got a hope, I got a chance
No more wasting time, you can't wait for life
I'm a maven
Some days I'm in my Yeezys, some days I'm in my Vans
Now we hottest in the streets, it ain't no discussion
Even if the money low, can't play meAyy, y'all heard about the good news?
At the top floor they gone come to kill King Kong
Couldn't tell you much about the fam though
Even when we was young I used to make time
Blac Chyna fuckin' Rob, help them with the weight
(Yeezy taught me)
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
That Benz Marina Del Rey coastin'
Die high blood pressure
Class started two hours ago, oh, am I late?
But when you get on he leave yo ass for a white girlGet down girl go head get down
He asked me about my Maybach, think he had the same
Just to be like nigga you ain't up on this!
Cause I'm coming home againI met this girl when I was 3 years old
Maybe 15 minutes, took some pictures with your sister
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
And fire up the engines huh
They want the, they want the 
(Now throw your hands up in the sky)
Feels like I am floating
"I'd rather argue with you than to be with someone else" (else, else, else)
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well) 
Goddamn, Goddamn! Who thought you how to get sexy for a nigga?
No you're not perfect but you're not your mistakesHey, hey, hey, hey
I got something better than school but don't tell anybodyMy momma would kill me so don't tell anybody
And now my grandmamma ain't the only girl calling me baby
Can't see my daughter
Let's play the blame game for sure
Hit the stop light, move it to some Isaac
I'm a legend, I'm irreverent
Since Prince was on Apollonia
¡Vámonos! Call me Hov or Jefe
Ya'll homies lookin' like "Why God?"
And she just bleached her asshole
First class with the seat back I still see ya
How long it take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Then you can't tell me nothing right?
I swear to God driver two wants to sue
Got pussy from beats I did for niggas more famous
She said K Lamar, you kind of dumb to be a poet
Yo, uh, uh c'monI've been so lonely girl, I've been so sad and down
I'm a jerk, you need to work, you need to call my spouse
All she want is some heel money, all she need is some bill money
See I had to go, I had to move
I laugh in my head
Stay true to you, a hood musical
Baby, we living in the moment
Til we lose control, system overload
No to X rated
ExtraterrestrialBoy, you're, you're an alien
[Kanye West]
24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid
Two-door preference, roof gone, George Jefferson
I am a god
You can't stop the thing now
Let's make it so free and the bar so hard
Aye, rah, rah, rah
As far as my business
Hard to believe a [?] nigga got killed
I've found me a lover, a brother who's a cross-dressing Pike named Trish
You'll be my American BoyTake me on a trip, I'd like to go some day.
I don't know what to tell you about him
If I knew what I knew in the past
So high
If you run into me, better have Allstate with you, uh
Spillin' free wine, now my tux is ruined
But watch who you bring home
So I'm a live like there's no tomorrow
But hey, admitting is the first step
That's me, the first year that I blow
SWISH 
Switched up the number, I can't be bothered
She got a light-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson
I ain't got no issues, I'm just doin' my thing
I got broads in Atlanta
I'm turn a baby down
No goodbyes, no goodbyes
Or maybe they get money, buy a business
Got a hotel room, 3 stars for you
Flashing lights, lightsShe don't believe in shootin' stars
Pussy stays on my mind
Yo, we at war
That's how good I feel about this nigga
Look at the channel from '79We on an ultra light beam
This is that goon shit
And then my phone started ringing
I hit the gym, all chest no legs
I put the pussy in a sarcophagus
Tell Adidas that we need a million in production (Yo!)
And watch the money pile up, the good lifeNow I, I go for mine, I got to shine
And she got that ass, I got to look, sorry
Let's talk over mai tais, waitress, top it off
My art will live through you
I was eating dinner and just had to go down on that Mackerel on the dish
Would you be my love, my love.
I know you're happy, 'cause I can see it
We met at Borders
Everybody brawlin', it was all cool
Letting everything go
We erased one another
Now keep ya love lockdown, you lose 
Gettin' high, Californicatin'
Somebody helpLet's play the blame game, I love you, more
Dancing with the Marlins making out with the all the Snappers
Everything I do need a news crew's presence
You should leave if you can't accept the basics
Tryna be at the wrong place at the right time
I just wanted you to know 
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
Drop-dro-dro-dro-drop it like Robocop
We everywhere, any day and anywhere that the money say
But the writer's block is over, emcees cancel your plans
Strippers get invited to where they only get hired
I met Kanye West, I'm never going to fail
So let me get this straight wait I'm the rookie
After all these long-ass verses
I need extra deep, I like my bitches extra thick (sonic boom!)
Uh, baby you're makin' it (harder, better, faster, stronger)N-now th-that that don't kill me
Mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago
I miss the sweet Kanye, top of the beats Kanye
Don't ever fix your lips like collagen
[?]
Cause that's what a motherfucking monster do
Come home you know you can't Rome without CaesarAs I recall, I know you love to show off
You ain't fucking with my clique (Ain't nobody fucking with my clique, clique, clique, clique, clique)Ain't nobody fresher than my mothafuckin' clique, clique, clique, clique, clique
Yeah we still hood famousI just wanted you to know
Please, no more parties in L.A
I'm the only thing I'm afraid ofNo matter what
I thought I told you to do some shit for the kids
People still gettin' popped on the day to day
Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids
I spent that bread
Look back on my life like the Ghost of Christmas Past
You know what I need, want you to see everything
You're dealing with malpractice, don't kill a good nigga's confidence
Young and Restless
I slapped that Holland ass, make that Grouper butt shake
Holla at the next chick soon as you're blinkin.What's you're persona,
I'd like to say at that time I'd like to meet Kanye
You haven't
And look at all that he gave you
What do it mean when you never dream at all then
I done got Lewinsky and paid secretaries
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael
It'd go, get this difficult
The wattered down, the one you know
But when I get my card back activated
Could you be an angelYour touch magnetizing
She went to the doctor got lipo with ya money
When they reminisce over you, my GodLa la la la
Save money, ain't nothin' different, gunshots and jumpin' fences
You give me these motherfucking graduation tickets right now
We need the turbo thots, high speed, turbo thots
What do you know? Flashing lights, lightsFlashing lights, lights
Black diamonds, backpack rhymin', co-signed by Louis Vuitton (Yup!)
Spit rounds like the gun range, beat it up like Rampage
I'm about to break the rules but don't tell anybody
You'll be my American Boy.He said " Hey Sista', it's really really nice to meet ya."
Now you wanna divide the yam like it equate the math?
You know white people get money, don't spend it
Conquer, stomp ya, stop your silly nonsense
I'm back on my Chicago shit and this aint what you want. Shout out to Lil Durk
I been up straight for nine days, I need a spa day (spa day)
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothingLet the champagne splash
Of this motherfuckin' dinner table
I mean after all the things that we've been through
You don't love me, you just pretendin'
They like to act tough, she like to tow 'em off
What I'm supposed to do?
I need every bad bitch after equinox
And make 'em straighten up their hat cause she know they soft
Let me run
I'mma put you on game for the lames that don't know they're a rookie
The only thing that I pray is that me feet don't fail me now 
We don't want no devils in the house...
For the last you was frontin'
I know I'm wrong, yeahI'm a problem
He never told, who we gon' tell, we top of the totem pole
Zip it listen!Can we get much higher?
And she'll do anything for the limelight
Back to our regularly scheduled programmin'
If I knew y'all made plans I wouldn't have popped the Xans
So y'all better quit playing with GodSoon as they like you make 'em unlike you
And refresh the page and restart the memory?
2020, I'ma run the whole election, yah!
They said you can rap about anything except for Jesus
This prayer's for everybody that feels like they're too messed up
I'm in between, but way more fresher
But they just not you" and I just got through
I always act a fool oww oww, ain't nothing new now now.He crazy, I know what ya thinkin,
How do you console my mom or give her light support
You can't blame 'em they ain't never seen Versace sofas
This is God dream
Don't matter who you go and get, ain't nobody as cold as this
And guess when I heard that? When I was back home
We trying to buy back our 40 acres
Wanna catch that cab, right? Take back that bag, right?
[Bridge]
Smoke in every direction, middle finger pedestrians
You're not like the others
We'll buy a lot of clothes when we don't really need em
And you don't give a fuck what they all say, right?
Baby let's just knock it off
Horsepower, horsepower, all this Polo on I got horsepower
Sweetheart, we hardly talk, I was doing my thing
Bound to fall in love (Uh-huh, honey)What you doing in the club on a Thursday?
I need to know right know if you a freak or not 
I need to know right know if you a freak or not
I'ma rock the boat
Beyond the truest
She push me back when the dick go too deep
Oh, oh, oh, oh, ohShe said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross
Yup, She trying get me that poo-tang
Speedboat swerve homie watch out for the waves
Fast life, drug life
You know that one auntie, you don't want to be rude
Lost in translation with a whole fuckin' nation
Gotta let these niggas know, yeah
I swear I've been on this flight like a month right now
Whoa, make the ground move, that's an ass'quake
I feel it[Bridge: Ty Dolla $ign]
But I bet them Polaroids'll send her down memory lane
Got roaches at their crib like them your first cousins
Hey baby you forgot your Ray Bans
Never know enough, til it's over love
I smack her when her ass if she ghetto, I ain't gon' lie
You already know I'm straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
And a white man get paid off of all of that
Remind me where I know you from?
Hey hey one day you'll be the man you always knew you could be
Hope you killas understand me[Bridge: Kanye West]
When I thought that I was gonna go crazy
Now she like "See, that's my cousin on TV"
The problem is I be textin'
When it comes to my sound which is the champion sound, believe believe!Okay, Lamborghini Mercy, your chick, she so thirsty
You're looking for something and I got it
But you graduate when you make it up outta the streets
I am a God
Unbreakable, what you thought, they'd call me Mr. Glass?
All I see is these niggas I made millionaires
Man I'm the mocho like Randy
She asked me what I wished for on the wishlist
I know that Jesus died for us
I hear her speak to meHello 'Mari, how ya doin'?
I'm way too black to burn from sun rays
I hold my head
In what what he dreamed
I done told y'all, all I needed was the infrastructure (Boom!)
Every time I talk they say I'm too aggressive
Baby please,
Oh, no longer am afraid of the night
And there's no one else I know who can take your place[Hook: Kanye West]
Except he's really putting it down?
I'm in that two seat Lambo' with your girl, she tryna jerk me (swerve)
Remember that last time in Mexico
Every time I see the news, man it bring me home
I just fade away[Bridge: Ty Dolla $ign]
And my only focus is staying on some bogus shit
I be reverend
Can we play that back one time?
1 a.m. and can't nobody get a hold of you
So awesomeYou look too good to be at work
They don't mean a thing, a thingAnd I don't care 'bout (all the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings)
Invisibly set, the Rolex is faceless
Bought the chain that always give me back pain
That a day one gosh darn part you can't tweet
Talking 'bout the soul Kanye, set all his goals Kanye
Get on down
Ooh don't wanna talk about it
When they come for you
Somewhere far from home, in the danger zone
And now you wanna get me back and you goin' show me
Baby, light goes
Hop in this bitch and get the same thing I'm in
They want the, they want theBreak records at Louie, ate breakfast at Gucci
I know a bar out in Mars
You know I never left you
Gave LeBron a billi' not to run away (Yo!)
I know I got to be right now
I'm telling you oh, it all falls down
People trying to hate on you
'Cause you could blame me for everything
When I awoke I spent that on a necklace
It's good, it's all good, it's beautiful
Middle America packed in
Couches, couches, couches, couches, which one should I pick?
White X6 looks like a panda
My ex says she gave me the best years of her life
I'm rolling with, fuck I'm saying? Girl, you know my crew name
You getting blackmailed for that white girl
Ever be solvedAnd no matter what
I could never take the intimacy
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, they line up for days
What you gone do now?I'm no longer confused but don't tell anybody
For my, lady
I am a godI am a god
I told her in my heart is where she'll always be
That I would even show up to this fake shit
To whom much is given, much is tested
Well, I'd do anything for a blonde dyke
Fuck, can she fuck right now?
We going all the way this timeTurn up the lights in here, baby
Shit they say the best things in life are free
Born on the full moon
The way Kathie Lee needed Regis that's the way I need Jesus
If I ever instigated I'm sorry
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)Smokey Robinson
Ooh I don't need y'all either
You got out to eat and he can't pay y'all can't leave
Extraterrestrial 
And I'm the little kid tryna touch the exhibits
Milling about, spilling there feelings in the air
Are you gonna be? Say that you're gonna be
You persecute the weak
I've been outta my mind a long time
Like a light skinned slave, boy, we in the mothafuckin' house
And I'll be taking all the stacksI got broads in Atlanta
I even made you a plate, soul food, know how Granny do it
Holding on to what I believe inNo matter what
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
Whatever ever I wanna do, gosh its cool now
That Lexapro got me drowsy than a heart attack
You ain't pick up but your phone accidentally called me back
So here's a few hating-ass niggas who'll fight you
Ah, I'm a motherfucking monster!I-I crossed the limelight
Did he forget the names just like Steve Harvey? (Yo!)
Until the day I get struck by lightningI am a God
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing
This is a God dream
But really really I don't give a F-U-C-K
I guess every superhero need his theme musicNo one man should have all that power
You gon' see lawyers and niggas in Jordan's (2 Chainz!)OK, now ketchup to my campaign, coupe the color of mayonnaise
Rah, rahClose eyes see things
(Oh oh you mad, huh?)I be catchin' too many stares this evening, God fearin' but God knows I'm on a roll
All my broads is foreign (foreign) money tall like Jordan!Okay, Lamborghini Mercy (swerve), your chick, she so thirsty (Swerve)
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori ab-
Bow in the presence of greatness
What that mean? I ain't callin' nobody backOoh like I don't, like I don't know nobody
I don't even want to talk about it
This is my part nobody else speak
I feel it[Kanye West]
I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye
Let's go shopping baby then we'll go to a Cafe.
And if you feeling' me now then put your hands up in the sky
I don't know what it is with females
My best friend say she use to fuck wit Usher
Uhm, well cutie, I like your bougie booty
You can still love your man and be manly dog
In court so much, man I should've went to law school
This shit unanimous for you, it's damaging for you, I think
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)I told her to drive over in yo new whip, bring some friends you cool wit
Let the suicide doors up (Caw the amount of stripe weh deh pon our shoulder)
One thing you can't do it stop us now
I'm back to Vegas cause
I should hire this bitch, she so damn good at Photoshop
They don't know
Life is a marathon
You asked for one and you got two
You will not walk across that stage
What do it mean when you dream that you ballin'
If he ever talk to my son like an idiot
'Cause a lot wags want to hear it.And I'm feelin like Mike at his Baddest.
But I know what's mine when I see it
Any argument, the media'll extend it
Make me do something? Nah, can't make me
She like fuck it, I'll just stay down here and do hair
Automobile gangster
I'ma play this Gladys Knight, me and you gon get rightShe said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross
I close my eyes and imagine, the good lifeIs the good life better than the life I live
Roll some, think I'll roll some
My girl a superstar all from a home movie
About my vision
I know He hear me when my feet get weary
Fuck every question you asking
Whoa, just another lonely night
Tits out, oh shit
And they gone keep calling and trying
Kanye West sample, here's one for exampleGossip gossip
Walking 'round, always mad reputation
Rock Forever 21 but just turned thirty
Not to worry, Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back to wi-zerk
Taking all the stacks, ohI got broads in Atlanta twisting dope, lean, and sipping Fanta
(To save) Don't have much strength to fight
She be grabbing me, calling me Biggie like Shyne home
Five buddies all herded up on a Thursday
Number one question they asking
I guess that's why last winter she got so cold on me
What in the fuck was that Kanye?
Detroit wear cleaned up
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown-ass kid
But I'm all for the family, tell 'em, 
Would we be the life of the whole party?
Young and we alive, whoo!
I've been runnin' 'round
You a fake Denzel like the Allstate nigga
The story of my lifetime
Yeah I'm talking business, we talking CIA
Who lasts? Yeah, you lie
So why send depression not blessings?
If we ain't love the same bitch
Fit three in the bed while six of y'all
Just remember that you talkin' to me though
Drug dealer buy Jordans, crackhead buy crack
Bound to fall in love (Uh-huh, honey)All them other niggas lame, and you know it now
Came to see me in my black skin
He sitting there consoling you
Why Uncle Ray and Aunt Shiela always performin'?
They don't, they don't know
I done asked twice now
I'll call you bitch for sureYou weren't perfect but you made life worth it
M.J. gone, our nigga dead!
No spoon
Put you in a daze wit Maze
I still here fiends scream in my dreams
Would you be my American Boy? American Boy.[Chorus:]
And I was satisfied being in love with the lie
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa 
I guess I don't
This little light of mine
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to God
I think me, you and Am' should menage Friday
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I might do my own hotel
Deliver us serenity
My by any means on
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
She take my money when I'm in need
I love him so much with all my heart and my soul with every bone in my body
I'm goin' take off tonight
It's supernatural
She never messed with entertainers cause they always leave
She came up to me and said this the number two dial
Now I ain't saying she a gold digger
'Cause the look in your eyes is killin' me
Fuck how you feel ass nigga
When a real nigga hold you down, you supposed to drown, boundBound to fall in love
Let me get ya sheets wet listenin to Keith Sweat
See you is my new chick, so we get our grind on
Everything, everything
Twisting dope, lean, and sipping Fanta
So let's celebrate the life of Timbuck2 
On the hottest rap label around?
Monkey bread on the side, know how the family do it
You know 2 Chainz? Scrr!
(But after that, took pills, kissed an heiress)
Some people graduate, but we still stupid
Foot on the Devil's neck 'til they drifted Pangaea
Can only make me stronger
Tell my wife that I hate the Rolls so I don't never drive it
Excuse me, is you saying something?
But I ain't even goin' act holier than thou
To 3 A.M., callin'
I need you right now, I need you right now
About this Americana Rama, am I shallow
We at war with terrorism, racism, but most of all we at war with ourselves(Jesus Walks)
(We did)
Driving in the same car that they killed Pac in
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
With so much of everything, how do we leave with nothing
Know what God said when he made the first rainbow
Man, it's so hard not to act reckless
In town for a day, what the fuck we doin'?
Tell 'em Yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass
My daughter look just like Sia, you can't see her
I'm just gonna say good nightI'm not sure anymore-more
Jerome's in the house, watch your mouthBound to fall in love
No I already graduated
Oh you've been nothin' but a friend to me
I tell you that all (all the glitter) I'm waiting for
Hurry up with my damn massage
All day, niggaHow long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
I'm not sure anymore-more
Me and my grandparents on a field trid-ip
Baby, we livin' in the moment
And no I ain't been to MIA
This motherfucker is the exact motherfucker I wanted!
And I know they love it.
It was more like spoken word
Niggas lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJs
Pacing, thinking, to myself
Tryna stack these 20s, 50s, hundreds, millions, to the ceilin'
We all self conscious I'm just the first to admit itOh when it all, it all falls down
Most rappers taste level ain't at my waist level
Run away fast as you canShe find pictures in my email
She has no idea what she's doing in college
So amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin' (Let's go)I'm a monster
And I be sipping Hennessy, play some R&B;
I get a call like where are you Yeezy
Niggas is loiterin' just to feel important
And I get bleach on my T-shirt
Cause look how death missed his ass
It's time to get the paperI've been outta my mind a long time
And have a reason to cover my face
Revealing the layers to my soul[Hook: The Weeknd]
Where the eyelids go 
Finally got paid, now I need shade and a vacay
Momma pass in Hollywood
Your money too short, you can't be talking to me
Just touched down in London town.
(Jesus walks for them)
I'm in that two seat Lambo' with your girl, she tryna jerk me (Swerve)
Met her at a beauty salon
But, my name is Windy and I like to blow trees"
Least that what my check say, lost my homie for a decade
And when I grew up she showed me how to go downtown
Name one genius that ain't crazy
I'm red leather, this cocaine, I'm Rick James, ho!
Bet they give me a pound.
And let me hear you say hey, hey, hey, ooh
Tell me how do you respawn the students?
Huh?
I be worried 'bout my daughter, I be worried 'bout Kim
Yeah I always find somethin' wrong
That's why I spit it in my songs so sweet
Her mother, brother, Grandmother hate me in that order
I'mma disrobe you, than I'mma probe you
Getting choked by detectives yeah, yeah, now check the method
That digs on meNow I ain't saying she a gold digger
I just keep on lovin' you, baby
Even went out his way so you could check in an extra bag
Your love is fadin'
All my niggas from the Chi, that's my family dog
But I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
Tell everybody I'm back in town
Every interview I'm representing you, making you proud
Telling me them diamonds, when she know they rhinestones
She said "Excuse me lil homey, I know you don't know me
Before he speak his suit bespoke.
This is how you gone do me, you know, yous a nigga
Don't like his baggy jeans but I'm a like what's underneath it.
I've never even seen this part of pussy town before
We just blessed to be alive, yeah ain't that the truth?
You've been right in my face
Yeah, you wasn't mine though[Hook]
All for a chance to be a star
And the weather so breezy
I'm on my way, headed up the stairs
Gotta keep it going, keep the loving going
I keep it 300 like the Romans
Wanna be a victim
Look at the valedictorian scared of the future
Every one of them that I know
Why would you ever listen to
Bow on our arrival, the Un-American idols
Well that's a pretty bad way to start the conversation
Just shot a shot an amateur video I think I should, go pro
Built a house up on that ass, that's an ass'state
I just showed up for the yams though
Put one up in the sky
I-I-I-I did it
See I invented Kanye, there wasn't any Kanyes
Hurry up with my damn croissants
That ain't right girl
But she ain't messing with no broke niggas
With a bad bitch that came from Sri Lanka
Don't make me pull the toys out, huh
If OJ and every Jordan need a Robin
This is my life homie, you decide yours
Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day
I done wore designers I won't wear again
(And niggas still hatin') So much hate I need an AK
Then the sky filled with heroines
I took a piss and dismiss it like fuck it and went and found somebody else
I'm like a fly Malcolm X
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike
Cop a Prada spacesuit about the stars
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody (Uh-huh, honey)Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
(Yeah now I'm where i belong girl) makin' love to other gay fishI really get around I'm the slut of the sea
I be paranoid every time
Stay low, alright
Twista had this shit on in The Source
Eighteen years, eighteen years
From a very far away place
She spent her whole check on some Christians
Yes darling
We 'bout to get this paperI can't let these people play me
I hate when a nigga text you like, "what's up, fam, oh you good?"
And there's no way to slow (down)
Please (shake that body, party that body)
Now they wanna hit me with the woo-wap the bam
Like the Pips with the Gladys.
Even for my...Real friends
And bring the day that I'm dreaming about
Drops some stacks pops is good
Now look at what you just saw I think this is what you live for
And act like everything fine and if it isn't
Even though I'm a man of God
[Intro: Father's Children]
You feel too good to ever hurt
Bam bam dilla, bam bamI just wanted you to know
Maybe it's because your boy Yeezy get ass a lot[Katy Perry]
I've been so damn gone
Specially on my Pastel, on my Bape shit
We never gonna dieI just wanted you to knowBam bam, bam bam
Try to hit you with a 'Oeur de Whopee'
We still love Kanye and I love you like Kanye loves Kanye 
I always had a passion for flashing' before I had it
So tell the voice inside ya head to believe it
I've be saying how I feel at the wrong time
Reluctantly, 'cause most of this press don't f**k with me.Estelle once said to me, cool down down, don't act a fool now now,
Fire up, tweaking
Stun me with your lasers
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire 
Cause you will never get on top off this
But don't worry, this one's so jammin'
Yeah Estelle we about to get down
With these responsibilities that they entrusted me
And when you cry, I will cry
Let me see you act up in this mother fucker
I feel like Pablo when I see me on the news
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
Yeah, I'd rather do nothing with you
Make 'em niggas famous, they get arrogantYeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman, ah!
Just to see how you was feelin'
They want the, they want theYeah, I'm talking 'Ye, yeah, I'm talking Rih'