She's so very very fine The sun from a cloud sinks into her eyes
Twenty years they've been married
That my baby don't live her no more Well, I might as well go back over yonder,
Hey Joe, uh
And ah and you too. Rainy day, rain all day
So it's time we take a ride, we can cast all of your hang-ups over
I don't want to be down I gotta move on
Where you, where you going to go?
Feel like sayin' foxy
Can't explain the reason why
Don't think your time on bad things
Now you don't seem so proud
Oh lady
They will.
And the wind whispers Mary A broom is drearily sweeping
I can see you had your fun
Hair, it starts to curl...and the
Every time you see me goin' some where
Or is it just uh, remains of vibrations
A waiting there for me. I have never laid eyes on you,
What the winds blowing round
Continue to rain and cause screamin' pain
The best love to have is the Love Of Life Pushing on Straight Ahead
IF YOU CAN HEAR ME SING
You make everything groovy, wild thing Well she's walking through the clouds
CAN YOU SEE ME BABY?
And set me on an eagle's back
Lay back and groove on a rainy day. Well I can see a bunch of wet creatures, look at them on the run
(well), I don't
talks, sees, looks and feels like you,
Gather round young and old...
Yeah, roll around
They just got lost in space.
You make me float right on out to you
Lord I'm a voodoo chile Well, the night I was born
Peoples, peoples, people
But darlin' can't you see my signals turn from green to red
tears burnnin' me
In love or war you can lose your glory Now you'd probably a-call him a tramp
They're really from the stars. 3. That's why they don't want
And the day is, too
Dolly Dagger
ooh,Foxy
Daddy's down at the wihiskey house
You've got me floatin', float to please
It's such a shame to waste your time away like this
I have a humming bird and it hums so loud
And Lord knows you'll feel no pain
Speak electric water
When I don't need it now
"do what you please"
Throw out all your trash today-
Yeah machine gun
And I chop it down with the edge of my hand
Aw, don't worry 'bout that
Bring your cornflakes and stuff like that, Milky Way
By so many people who dared,
Dig? 'Cos I got my own world to live through
I'm a voodoo child Hurray I awake from yesterday
You better hope love is the answer
Hey! Yeah, look at old burnt out superman
Gonna make a whole lotta money
Face the mirrors of your mind
Wait a minute, something's wrong, lord, have mercy
Now dig this!
Da da dada da doo doo
I have a bad bad feeling
Oh, say does that star spangled banner yet wave
What ever it is, that girl put a spell on me Help me
Existing
He's going to be felt by the
I don't think I can make it alone
The seaside
And they got us making their rugs...
To make them feel at home.
You know what it means to be left alone
But they don't realize they're the ones who's square Hey!
And I thought you were my friend too
Your as strong as him
When it comes to doomsday.
Listen to me, today We united just beside a leaf
You even mess with my children
Uh do I see a vacuum there
I am searching to be free Angel came down from Heaven yesterday
I just couldn't make it Have you heard, baby
I just can't find this town
And I say
I don't mind, I don't mind
He say, "look like you ain't got no coins to spare"
Ooo hooo
Good and evil lay side by side while electric love penetrates the sky
CRYING CAUSE YOU PUT ME DOWN
And now they're old and happy and they settle down
Lay back and groove on a rainy day hey
Now don't rely on no man
at the house. i think we're going to call "get my heart back together
Hey !
So happy to see you again
I just came back from
Far shores and the water
Baby can't you see that I can't take it no more
Green and blue canyons too
Talks, looks, sees and feels like you,
Starfish and giant foams greet us with a smile
Somebody has to sing
We know there were three continents so much older
I'll be stone crazy
away from lands so battered and torn
and you do the same just like him (Lord it's so lonely here, hmmm, yeah)
About the circus in the wishing well
Oh !
But I know it goes a little deeper than that
Neck shaped just like a cracker
Outta sight, really outta sight
All we know
"thank you very much, yeah. are these microphones all screwed up
Left. that's where I'll be-
Like a complete unknown
Giant pencil and lipstick-tube shaped things
If you don't mean it
But it goes a little deeper than that
So you, you say you wanna get married
Life for you has just begun, baby And then you come saying
And let them nibble on the bone.
Down, man
It takes about a half and a day to get there
I am your trashman-
I wish I could caress, caress, caress
Every sister
while we get in tune alright." Foxy
Thank you very much
Lately things they don't seem the same
You tell me it's alright, you don't mind a little pain
I see you on the right track
Yeah There goes Ezy
What to do... they keep us
I said find yourself first
(Well, all right) Got my own world to live through and uh, ha !
Hurt- man you reach 100 years old in a day-
About having to be scrounging around for your next meal How does it feel
Say my arrows are made of desire, desire
heyaaaa
or is it just confusion? My mind is so messed up
Fire grows towards the
So let your bullets fly like rain 'cause I know all the time you're wrong baby
You better be ready, lord, my lord
The stars misplaced
Fly on my sweet Angel
The other one leave just for day
too bad your people put me down
Oh yeah Well I went down
It whispers no, this will be the last
They used to sing for the flowers
Away from the lands so battred and torn
Golden rose, the color of the dream I had
Freedom, so I can give
We got to help you people out right now
That ain't all For thirty years they've been married
Save it for your rainy day
Lord, alone Loneliness is such a drag So here I sit to face
Come on, baby, hurry up now
I ain't ready
Foxy
Huh huh
Yeah, sing on brother, play on drummer. Waterfall
Oh yeah Yeah,
I won't do you no harm, no
Ow well
For the show
She ran way down to Dallas
and the feelings so good she made me cry
But don't make me work late-
I feel just like I'm in the time
We better all realize...
Cause she was crippled for life,
Hey yeah!
(Ah, man!)
She stayed with me just long enough to rescue me
That same old fire place
Where is he going to ?
Where can you be?
All right ! Golden rose, the color of the dream I had
After a while your your cheap talk don't evern cause me pain
Talkin' about my baby I just came in
Oh, my baby she left me the other day
I don't live today
Yes I sing the blues for me and you.
It's the morning and just we two.
I just picked up my pride from underneath the pay phone,
You know their havin' fun And then you come along and talk about So you say you wanna be married
And someone who will buy and sell for me
Oh, (I wanna show you) the different emotions
That is burned
Now dig this, baby You don't care for me
Our minds too much, so we decided to change everything around.
Stop your doggin' 'round Stop
Ooh, foxy lady I see you, heh, on down on the scene
Oww !
And true kings of this earth. 1. So I say it's up to us to straighten
But then a sight she'd never seen made her jump and say
You better run on down
would never save us', that's what they say
If you want to get outta here alive Freedom,
The tiny island sags downstream
Captain comic is the man on the run
Yeah yeah
Some body will sing?
And don't be late, don't be late
A woman here a woman there try to keep me in a plastic cage
damn "half a million eyes, tell somebody to turn off the microphones
Outside in the cold distance
'Cause I'm a voodoo chile
I'm gonna change your mind Oooh look out baby
No use in feeling lonely,
Do you know
(Way down by the Methane Sea, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah) So my darling and I make love in the sand,
Oh well
You shot her down to the ground [Verse 3]
and combed this breath right out of my hair
Get it on get it on get it on Hey, look out for my glass up there, man!
Manic depression is a frustrating mess You got my pride
Facing coldly towards the door I continue
Yes, I'm with you my love,
He's got to stay here
As our feet find the sand
together we shall always be high" Golden rose, the color of the dream I had
Within a wink of an eye, With the wink of an eye
You're made out of gold and, eh, can't be sold So, are you experienced?
I don't care, I don't care.
If the sun refused to shine
Foxy I wanna take you home
Way down where I can be free
I looked around and I thought Fly on my little angel
You can't dress like me.
You better hope love is the answer baby
Well, I'm calling you under fire
Girl, I'm holding you in my dreams every night.
Then I know the fightin' is true. Have you ever been (have you ever been) to Electric Ladyland?
Releasing all hell that will shake the Earth from end to end
Gotta new fool, ha!
Lord it happened to day
If your hair is short or long, huh I said, get out of your grave
Blow out all the other witches on the scene
So hard to get through to you
Not necessarily stoned, but beautiful... Once upon a time you dressed so fine
If we travel by my uh, dragon-fly
The wind blows and the
And the smell of a world
Will it burn me if I touch the sun
All the time I hang around
I'd love to tell somebody about this dream
Here it's a really groovy place
(Yeah) Right on, straight ahead
Miserable test... 2. Black must be bold
Yeah, OK. Yeah, OK.
That's something to do
And the in New York drowns as we hold hands 'Cause I'm a voodoo chile
I have mine thank you, baby." Black is gold is pure
Kiss you for my supper,
Something's goin' on here
You think you were losing your mind, hmmm Well I float in liquid gardens
And I ain't gonna copy you. White collar conservative flashin' down the street
No guns, no bombs
Drink up baby
Let me stand next to your fire
Just ask the axis (he knows everything)
The tears burnin'
Oh, no
Yeah x12
The 4th time, she was emptied in from
"Today is the day for you to rise" Take my hand, you're gonna be my man
Hmm, hmm...
And said I shall return tomorrow And I said fly on my sweet angel
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU CAN
Are you experienced? (bv={clap} are you experienced? ) Well, I stand up next to a mountain
Yeah ! Don't nobody know what I'm talkin' about
(are) you experienced? {clap}
By the dawns early light
You move me Wild thing, you make my heart sing
Ezy Ryder
That's the way it goes
How does it feel
exactly what we're tryin' to do Love or confusion?
Waitin' for that train
Highway chile
Manic depression is a frustrating mess Well, I think I'll go turn myself off,
Until mornin' time Stop it baby
I don't mind, I don't mind.
You've got me floatin', float to please Got me floatin' You've got me floatin' 'round and 'round
And don't forget I also want
Come on, baby, stop jiving around, hurry home, hurry home Have you ever been (have you ever been) to electric ladyland?
Face the truth today Well I am what I am thank god
Well, uh-i don't
Well, I taste tears and a whole lot of previous years wasted
Right now listen
Well I'm bold, bold as love (hear me talking, girl)
She got a bull whip just as long as your life
Who feel that life is but a joke
Of the out of style
Oh, the story
Fly on through the sky
Owh! I said
Yeah yeah let me hear it Hello, my friend
Giving my life to a rainbow like you
With a circus mind
To be where I'm going
No-ho sun comin' through my windows
on a bicycle built for fools
Ev'rything's gonna be alright!  You better stop it babe
Because I just might try to
I'm bold as love
jimi:
To burn the midnight lamp
I'm finding out that it's eh not so easy
I'm the one that's gonna have to die
Her love's so heavy, gonna make you stagger
Stone free go on down the highway
Even the ducks can groove rain bathin' in the park side pool
But they will pass sentence upon themselves...
Misty blue and lilac too
You better save it, babe
I'm gonna change your mind
I won't uh, do you no harm
And when he brought me back
Yeah, foxy
Somebody will sing, right?
And sit beneath the trees by the railroad track.
Nobody know what I'm talking about
(Have mercy)
"thank you very much. and i'd like to go on with another slow thing.
Hey!
And proove to the man
And ribbons of euphoria
And my coat that you let your dog lay by the fire on
Branches attack me from her neck She's so fine
That's why I'm doing it all about They don't know
Many moons past and more the dream grew strong
way down
I don'-a care about that
So let them laugh, laugh at me
When silver wings silhouetted against the glow of the child's sunrise
my stomach squeal just a little more
Stone crazy baby Solo Repeat first verse Well, you've got me floatin' around and 'round
Every mornin' yes the willows weep among for me
Because our drums, they face the south.
Lord lord lord
and you do just the same as him
The poles of the north and south.
That's why they ain't comin' with us today
But wonder why the fight is on
If the mountains fell in the sea,
Showin' up after me
Stop your jivin' 'round
love comin in at you
Stone free bye bye baby Well, I wait around the train station
Yeah, ok babe, ok
With the wink of an eye...
Stone free to ride the breeze
Silver wings silhouetted against the child's sunrise
No sunshine, for my woman
And then that's the last of this
Ah, baby listen now
Where you going to run to?
And then they blame our mistakes on god.
Butterflies and zebras and moonbeams
AW SHUCKS
She ain't satisfied 'til she get what she's after
Is coming on strong
When it's time for you to go through. Anything is possible after an
Must there be all the colours
Well, I stand up next to a mountain
She said she's gonna come back tomorrow And I said, "Fly on my sweet Angel
Lots of people so dear
Oh yeah There goes Ezy
Peopled called you, said 'beware the doll, you're bound to fall',
about the love between the moon and the deep blue sea
Yeah !
I'm here to clean up-
too bad you put me away like a child now
Work hard in your mind
Well, my baby don't treat me well
Ow !
Look a golden winged ship is passing my way! And it really didn't have to stop, it just kept on going... And so castles made of sand slips into the sea, eventually Told me a story yesterday
Fall mountains, just don't fall on me
Then come on across to me
And a 100 soldiers die with
We're going to go across the Jupiter sand and see all you people one by one
They killed so many worlds before.
Would never save us that's what they say
Yeah!
Rubbish and hate and-
Forever was a main complaint
I'll stay with you darling now,
O'er the land of the free
When lights close their tired eyes.
too bad you don't love me no more girl
Away- all that dirt is gonna clog and
And tell you. so it won't be so hard
Might even raise just a little sand
And this is not our fate
I said, I didn't mean to take you up all your sweet time
Gonna leave this town, yeah
When each man falls in battle
'Cus I ain't had one kiss all day now
??
In fact I'm trying to say it's frightened like me
No use in arguing
You better love me like it's gonna be the last time
(Sing a song, brother)
Hey machine gun Oooooooooo I ain't afraid of your mess no more, babe
Show you. 51st anniversary A fifty years they've been married
well i, wait around train station waitin' for that train
Have you heard, baby
Rollin' stone
He's about to leave here
If the sun refused to shine,
And you can't kill the god
All you do is slow me down
Freedom to live
I feel like I'm going out of my mind, yeah
Let me get my key, ahum! Well, I'm looking through Harlem
He took me past to the outskirts of infinity
The light's shining through on you.
Everybody die
There's a red house over yonder,
Because one of these days, baby
we got freedom comin' our way Solo How long
And now we would like to bring to you our one and only friendly neighbourhood experience maker
Load it on my truck.
I'd just like to have a ringside seat
Ha!
He cries oh, girl you must be mad,
she spread her wings high over me
Better save your souls while you can Hey man, take a look out the window 'n' see what's happ'nin'
Above me and you.
Kinda made him feel pretty sad I couldn't say what went through his mind
All in my bed
I can't get no relief Business men, they drink my wine
Of the experience, and every once in a while we're blowing
Keep it together,
I'll take you where you've never been, you can fly
I'll be with you darling soon,
None were level on the mind
That's what I want now
Three times the pain
Nashville Tennessee we have lary lee playin' guitar over there,
Hey Joe, said now
Even though we're only families apart Well I pick up my axe and fight lik a bomber
Set me free
Tryin to find his heaven above
Take anything you want from me
Yes, I'd love to come along "Would you like to come along?" she asked me
Help them god
and bring along the bottle and a president' And eh sometimes it's not so easy, baby
And he built the dream that when he grew up
We all better get our places
Get on baby
Like we only had about two rehearsals so a we'll only do a primary
To hear ya play ya guitar 'till the sun go down
and today you shall fly"
Like I know
Let's pray that we all agree
Her fiery green gown sneers at the grassy ground Blue are the life-giving waters taken for granted,
Lord knows I'm a voodoo chile Down the street you can hear her scream you're a disgrace
Embarrassing situation- And once you take but all that
Go ahead on mister business man, you can't dress like me
I hope your brought your parachute with you
Way back yonder cross the hill
Against the door he leans and starts a scene,
I think I see me a freak
I'll soon be with you my love,
So I must respect my other heart
Gettin' ready for the same old explosion
I'm lookin' for my seller
And they also said it's impossible for a man to live and breathe under
Lord knows, I'm a voodoo chile
And you'll be goin' just the same
And you stole my heart away, ah,
Foams to make steamed
Oh I don't care, oh I don't care.
Hey ! Hang on my darling
Johnny B. Goode His mama told him ?someday you will be a man,
Dame Yeah
Got me floatin' Hey baby where are you coming from?
Ow
You got my soul
They used to sing for sunshine
Every mother
Please remember
Goose, oh I'm sorry Mitch Mitchell on drums over there, and we
Ooo, ahhh
I've got nothing to lose
And as the bluebirds and the sparrows envy me,
I said where you going with that gun in your hand? [Verse 1]
All the way down
way down in my soul
Got my own world to live through
And with you I can see a traffic jam straight up ahead You're just like crosstown traffic
(Yeah, hmmm, yeah)
And they also threw this in my face, they said:
Us to mix...just the way
You've got to be all mine, all mine
And please take some heed.
This time with a woman in our arms
Continue to rain and cause screaming pain
Yeah, ok baby
Is still hangin' on my frowning wall
Just don't know
Tear me loose baby Yeah! Owh!
Who's broad striped and bright stars
Throw all that mixed up speed
At the twilights last gleaming?
In a cloud of angel dust
It's rainin' outside man
We as men
Oooo So down and down and down and down we go
Before our heads go under we take a last look at the killing noise
If the mountains ah, fell in the sea
Must there always be these colours?
Feel my heart kind of runnin' hot
There's too much confusion
Nobody up at his word
Way back up on the hill
Yes I had a woman, a real woman
Not to die but to reborn,
But they're all bold as love, yeah, they're all bold as love
And I ain't gonna copy you. Yeah (sing the song brother...)
That's the way it was meant to be.
Hanging out of my bed
Nobody knows
And that ain't too cool [Verse 2 ]
Now baby can't you see I'm 'bout to go through the floor Never knew how good love could be
Ninety miles an hour, girl, is the speed I drive
She has been here 3 times and
But I know for sure
Waitin' for the train, yeah
Got jerry velez on congos too. you got yours truly on Pete Whistle,
If my daddy could see me now
The rooms behind your minds
yeah,I've made up my mind
An egotistic elf. 4. So they show you how to
I don't want to be tied down
Hey, hey No reason to get excited
He was married ever happily after
to see what they say,
I'm going down to shoot my old lady
Have you ever been experienced?
And when it was time for her to go,
Alright
Don't open that door!
Footprints dressed in red
You thought they were all kidding you
Goodbye everybody, ow!
If you need me
In your kinda scene Music, sweet music
You make everything groovy, wild thing
that it weren't the world for us
He's talkin' bout lyin
bourbon and coke possessed words
Oh, no, oh
(Got more to say!) Well I'm riding through LA (huh),
There's only one thing I need to get a me there
You're makin' me blow my mind
Before our heads go under we take our last look at the killing noise
I'm going way down south
Swimin' in the, the deep blue sea
Lay back and dream on a rainy day. You jump in front of my car when you,
I was trying to slap it out of her head Freedom, so I can live
Tears burnin' me
Thank you, thank you Now watch the ride Uh, I meant to say that there'll be no throwing cigarette butts out the window
Anyway, you know good and well it would be beyond the will of God,
Yeah, it better come before the summer Well, everybody can hear the sound of freedom's beating heart
Tire tracks all across your back
Come downs, I'm gonna kill...
and the grace of the King (grace of the King)
While the sun kissed the mountains blue
And the angel she bent down and told me
as our feet find the sand,
A stagecoach full of feathers and footprints,
Kill...and if you don't
Kingdoms fall and cry...
YOU CAN'T SEE ME Oh, remember the mocking bird, my baby bought
Excuse me while I kiss the sky Purple haze, all around
They'll be running things
You've got to be all mine, all mine Here I come baby
Yeah, they're all bold as love
Every inch of earth is a fighting nest
Who yeah
Now listen, baby You try to gimme your money
So easy yet so hard I wish not to be alone,
And echoes long ago ?
And the sea is straight ahad
Like a rolling stone (Yeah, sing a song bro'...)
What my baby
Ain't no use in gettin' uptight
Everything is hazy
She didn't care
Everybody, we got to live together, oh
Lord a little love in the world is all I need
Let me stand next to your fire (Repeat 4 times) Listen here, baby
Where can you beeeeee?
And the rocket's red glare!
Somewhere a king has no wife
I see ya layin' on your back
We gotta live together
Hey Joe, I said
I want my love x3
Wild thing, I think you move me
You make love, you break love
Giant pencil and lipstick tube shaped things,
You better believe it right now
Every inch of Earth is a fighting nest
Yeah but you still blast me down to the ground The same way you shoot me down baby
Don't know if it's day or night
Hang on, hang on if you wanna go
Everything's gonna be everything
and try and be a magic boy
I'll stay with you till my seas are dried up. I've been waiting so long
Rhythm thing. (someone in the background) I have mine thank you
And stop acting so crazy
Anything Fly on, little wing Yeah)
Gonna have to blow my mind
(You know how I felt then, and so:) Before I could ask "was it the East or West side?"
And fairly tales That's all she ever thinks about Riding the wind When I'm sad she comes to me
Foxy You know you're a cute little heartbreaker
My heart burns with feeling, but,
You can hear happiness staggering on down the street
i hear my train a comin'
Evil man make me kill you
think he is gonna last
I'm singing about Atlantis love songs
Chop it down with the edge of my hand
So easy to explain
This key won't unlock this door,
He would be a fearless warrior Indian Chief
Dig, I'd like to get something strait, we umm we got tired
So the hippies think she's in with time
We'll hold hands and then we'll watch the sunrise
Feel those earth blues coming at you baby Don't let your imagination take you by surprise
It's all in the world I need
Yeah, give us some
The bombs bursting in air!
White man watch your mouth
Had me cryin'
They say power to the people,
Thank you very much for coming
And at the same time I'm right here in your picture frame
Foxy lady
Way down in California
Tell me, tell me, purple haze
They don't know like I know
So I can be on my miserable way
I think you better hope it comes before the summer Everybody
Screamin' and howlin'
Playing to the music that the drivers made.
Oh, I don't
Lord, there's where my baby stays
Oooh hhhooo
Let me live a little longer Etc. Well I wish, I was a catfish
You know we got this war to fight.
and you do just the same as him just got out of a Scandinavian jail,
Her love so heavy gonna make you stagger baby
I think I could commit a crime know
carryin' out on a gas (?) See all the others say
Lazy minded fools
Freedom, that's what I need You don't have to say that you love
Cause ther mother's a louse
Please pass the weed
To lay down the truth
The key won't unlock this door
Come on back, baby, come on back in my arms,
Lord knows she was good to me in every way
And with his crutch, its old age, and it's wisdom
Without names, without sound, baby?
And all these emotions of mine keep holding me from, eh,
After they crucified him,
gave me this feeling
Ow foxy lady
You know, I caught her messing around, messing around town
The milky way express is loaded, all aboard
I ain't ready Let me live
Until tomorrow he would sing his first war song
I want to hear and see everything
So when you give them love
hear my train a comin' (get my heart back together) jimi:
There must be some kind of way outta here
You ain't supposed to be
You know you're a sweet little lovemaker
i wanna be a voodoo child
Yeah, yeah
Stop your jivin' around Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop the stars up above that play with laughing Sam's dice
Better get in some highway and clear outta town Here comes Dolly Dagger
Living together's gonna be a lot of re-arranges
CRYIN' ALL OVER TOWN
Just don't be no fool I see a woman comin'
Alive, but the war is here to stay
(Have mercy) Well, mountain lions found me there waitin'
Got me floatin', wooh hey !
YOU BETTER COME HOME LIKE YOU SUPPOSED TO DO CAN YOU SEE ME?
And the clowns have all gone to bed
Past the age of old.
foxy,foxy,foxy,foxy
But I feel so dizzy I take a quick look in the mirror,
Am I happy or in misery?
Lord they've both caused my heart to bleed
Show you Once I had woman
Freedom, that's what I need now
And I ain't gonna copy you. Now, if 6 turned up to be 9,
I'm gonna wave my freak flag high, high !
It's all in your mind baby
Saying Johnny B. Goode tonight. Go, go
Touch the sky
Goin' down
It's so good to see you again
There are many here among us
And fight his first battle but something went wrong,
That is burned. Yeah well, maybe, hmm...
There should be no lies
It really doesn't, really doesn't bother me too much at all
With nothin' else to do
I wish you'd hurry up and rescue me
Uh-ha, {cough}-hmm, {sniff}
you gonna marry me? ha,ha Bridge:
But the sun knows as
And when it was time for her to leave she spread her wings high over me
Straight Ahead, baby Hello my friend
Yeah Ooo So my darling and I make love in the sand
And this ain't good news, bad news, or any news
Go clap your hands
-oh that's what friends are for.
But so far far far away
Well my mind is goin' through them changes
Tearing my body all apart Evil man make me kill ya
Uh "Let your fancy flow"
Hang on if you wanna go
Were so gallantly streaming?
Ain't seen a bed in so long it's a sin Now you may call him a tramp
They're hopin' soon my kind will drop and die but uh
Just ask the axis My red is so confident that he flashes trophies of war,
have you heard about my baby makin' love to all the world
In no direction home
Hurry my darlin' we mustn't be late
(I don't know!) Y'all pass me that bottle,
She had me cryin'
Ya ya ya Highway chile
Right this way smiles a mermaid
yeah
It's happening, it's happening
In this world...before your
You know there's a, one train running at midnight
Because it's gold and true
That forgotten earring layin' on the floor
Purple haze Foxy
And I seen one of my old buddies
WHAT'S WITH YA
My yellow in this case is not so mellow
put me down
Run on down Purple haze, all in my brain
With a thousand smiles
Alive but the war is here to stay
I just now left
talk, sees, looks and feels like you,
Hey man, it's rainin'
Have you seen her
Threw the bums a dime in your prime, didn't you
Of my waterfall Some people say
Anyway he left the world behind
Someone to toll my bell And I continue
And you know good well I don't drink coffee,
So please don't try to make
Remember the scars, now you can't see a thing
yeah,Foxy
And battle grounds red and brown
Gonna be big, yeah
And if I don't meet you no more in this world
Shoot her one more time, baby [Verse 4]
I just want to see. So where do I purchase my ticket ?
I'm tired of wasting all my precious time
Hey soulful people I'm calling.
But the velvet moon
Lord, lord I wanna show you
'Cause it's time for you and me
I just came in baby
As we go dripping blood.
I see visions of sleeping peaks erupting
That your little world won't let you go
I heard you shot your woman down
Wash out your mind- it's up to
The word of God had said.
Straight up ahead Well it's too bad that our friends can't be with us today
Lord knows I'm a voodoo child I didn't mean to take you up all your sweet time
Maybe tomorrow, I just can't say, but, uh
Egypt moon trips flying flying
Yeah and they also threw this in my face they said
Keep on straight Ahead Straight Ahead, baby
But I know it goes a little deeper then that
A misty blue and the lilac too
"buddy miles there" Here comes, Dolly Dagger
what I'm gonna do,
Freedom, yeah
I think I'm goin' out of my mind
No throwing cigarette butts out the window, thank you
All your love!
So my love catherina and me
My head in the cloud, my feet on the pavement
Up the broken pieces of yesterdays life
hear my train a comin'
No nothin', just let's all live and live
Goin' through my mind
The machine that we built
Sirens flashing with earth and rockets stoning
Hmm, hmmm, hmmm
here's some
"Yes you can," she said
That makes it so hard for me to see
Got me floatin', nat'rally
Lose of love
She had me runnin'
Yeah... Aww, shucks
So she decided to die
Made easter sunday
I can't go on like this
Played war games in the woods with his Indian friends
Don't ever change your ways
I'm a voodoo child Alright,
Saying 'lord please give us a helping hand'
And when the day melts down into a sleepy, red glow
Just float your little mind around
yeah, i'm gonna leave this town
ah stole my heart away little girl, yeah
Don't know if I'm comin' up or down
Ahhhahhh The morning is dead
So my love, Catherina and me,
Well when I come around to
Is God is by our side,
I shot her! [Guitar Solo/Bridge]
They quietly understand
Da da da... Way down Louisiana close to New Orleans,
You know how I'm feelin' baby
takes him higher
Talkin' about my baby
Clap your hands
That's what I'm talking 'bout
Its such a shame to spend the time
And to her legs she smiled you wont hurt me no more
But, I'm bold as love, yeah, I'm bold as love
This chick's gonna turn you to a block of ice
Way back up in the woods among the evergreens
It's alright yeah yeah
Hey
Straight Ahead, baby We got to stand side by side
and I'm on my way straight home to you
Stone free I can't stay
Cause the life that lived is, is dead
Say, I make love to you in your sleep
Because deep down inside
Neptune champion games to an aqua world is so my dear
And eleven moons played across rainbows
Together is right...
I've made up my mind yeah
A little love and understanding baby
i'd like to get by with a little bit of jam messin' around with back
Because black and white
She drinks the blood from a jagged edge
And they shall rise and tell us much more the truth of man
But, uh, but you and I, we've been through that
Fall with me for a million days
Of you and me
Don't get too stoned, please remember you're a man
What so proudly we hailed
Please let me talk to you. I just wanna know about
the seaside
I am the trashman-
Is this true ?
A misunderstanding of a no good woman
when it's time for me to die
To burn this old lamp
Lord some people just don't understand
All the tears we cry
From the bottom of the sea But first, are you experienced?
Collect for the bill,
Rollin' stone Well, I see hands and tear stained faces
The carnival traffic noise it sings the tune splashing up 'n'
The rest of the world he had longed to see
On the words of love
Oww ! Hey !
Look out Here comes, Dolly Dagger
And the home of the brave? It's very far away
Is my grandmas pair of butterfly roller skates
From heaven where 1,000,000
Let it drain your worries away yeah
Hey Joe
To be on your own
And she said a "come in outcha man and just your love"
Are you trying to prove that
And Arizona new red sand
Washing away all my pain
So I brought my lead
Live today
A little bit of Spanish Castle Magic
In the eyes of god Is that the stars in the sky, or is it
I have mine thank you, baby." Yeah, his guitar swung across his back
They be saved from our hell. I feel the truth of life.
I'm comin' to get ya
What me worry? gives us about a minute and a half to tune up ok.
Everybody,
You gotta practice what you preach
Free is free
Uh things like "Love the world" and uh
All the time I've been hangin' around
you gonna marry me? ha,ha Bridge: I'll be stone crazy
Falling mountains just don't fall on me
We got to stand together and organize
Yeah ! Now ya... Y'get me floatin' uh across and through uh
A new born baby cries...
pulls up to soap box door
she says "I love you little boy
And I come back to find
It's uh, just a little bit of uh, said uh, Spanish Castle Magic. The clouds are really low
Oh
Everyday, yeah
See the wind make love to all the ocean
Don't you shoot him down
He used to sing so sweet
YEAH IF YOU CAN SEE ME DOING THAT
Stagger and fall on my muddy tent
Ah let the sun take a holiday
Stone free I'm gone baby, right now, don't try to hold me back
Hey! Hey, look out! Look out for that door!
She got chains, attached to my head
So, baby, if you'll please come home again you know I'll
Now a lady with a pearl handled necktie
The names it has blown in the past
Can you clap a little louder
I was so alone
And the frozen tea leaves on the bottom
And the wind cries Mary Wild thing, you make my heart sing
That's what I'm gonna do,
Kings of this world...
Stone free I got to, got to, got to
Dig. 'Cause I've got my own world to live through and uh, huh
To so very many who cared
Might even give a piece to you
Decide to take our last walk thru the noise to the sea
Especially when your only friend
All these signs are always a stock She's so fine
Way down to Mexico way
Always up, you never let me down
Gotta get the brothers together
All my loneliness I have felt today
She drinks the blood from the jagged edge
Get on top, really let me groove baby with uh Just a little bit of Spanish Castle Magic. Yeah baby,
The wink of an eye.
Plowman dig my earth
A band of gypsies. we have billy cox playin' bass, and um from
Is to hear you laugh without a care.
Flying saucers to some,
Well there's two
Clean out your mind today-
And his tears fall and burn the garden green And so castles made of sand fall in the sea, eventually A little Indian brave who before he was ten,
And a call it 'gypsy sons and rainbows' for short nothin' but
Feel those earth blues coming at you
Specially when your only friend
I don't know about it They don't know what I know
In ninety nine and one half days Wait a minute, something's wrong here
again as usual, yeah. i know what you mean. it's so embarasing man
Lord, I might as well go back over yonder,
And I ain't gonna copy you. White-collar conservatives flashing down the street
Hey pretty baby, come on back to me
And they overflow with cotton candy
And she said "I shall return tomorrow" And I said "fly on my sweet angel,
There's no hangman going to
if you'll make love to my one more time baby
Oh, my baby she stepped out on me
And your cat he attacked me from his pill-box ledge
I gotta keep on pushing ahead CAN YOU SEE ME? BEGGING YOU ON MY KNEES
(I wanna run to) the sounds and motions
Tomorrow I'll be by your side
I can hear atlantis full of cheer
I'm gonna buy this town
Lord I swear the moon turned a fire red
Yeah I see what you mean brother, lay back and groove. Rainy day, dream away
To give you my dawn surprise.
A wildcat did growl
On this is here people farm
And I gave her the gun
Will I live tomorrow?
to make sure my friend's here with me too
A she didn't care
And set me on an eagle's wing
Away like this
And I got better things on the other side of town Machine gun
Turn all the love men into donut boys
Right on baby
Gave proof through the night
Freedom, so I could live
YOU CAN HEAR A FREIGHT TRAIN COMING FROM A THOUSAND MILES AH YEAH
And I'll sing you all a real song
And the message got home
Point on mister businessman,
Without a scratch on our body when we bid it farewell
All right Every mornin'
was the main complaint
I gotta be free
I heard some of you got your families
Foxy You know you're a cut little heartbreaker
You know instead of killin' Angel came down from heaven yesterday
So let them go to the moon.
Barefoot servants, too
Wild thing, you make my heart sing
lord, i got to leaze this town
I hope all of you brought your toothbrush
Face we are...past the human race.
Get experienced {clap}
is so magic
Bones of all of those who don't belive that...
Yeah, get on with it, baby
He used to sing for his supper, baby
and the right to be free
High low on drugs.
Huh same old thing So now you're seventeen
Gold and rose the color of the velvet walls surround us. Everyday in the week I'm in a different city
I like it like that I have only one burning desire
Lord, there's a red house over yonder
Rebirth land home of the praying sands
He's going to make contact
The amazing thing: you turned me on nat'rally
Aint that some shame
Settle down yeah!
And I'm leanin' out my window sill diggin' ev'rything
Just hope love comes before the summer Everybody
And I don't feel no pain oh no
I've got my own life to live
Stop it baby
O'er the ramparts we watched
While all the women came and went
You gotta feel the light, baby
Life is for you and me togather.
You'll be going just the same
what I'm gonna do  Anger, he smiles,
Yeah, yeah, yeah, baby!
He's a highway chile
You must be losing your, sweet little mind
To salute the last moment ever on dry land
My pleasure kill... I am the trashman
Of jesus is the story
my feet they howled in pain
All this blood is for the world of you.
Freedom, so I can give You got my heart
You know, I caught her messing around with another man
I can't count it
As she slams the door in his drunken face
When the earth opens up...will
And then your talent
You know you hook my girlfriend
Hey Joe, alright
It's alright Jimi:
Gonna be a whole lot of re-arranges Lord lord lord
Is this love baby,
Fly on my sweet angel
They don't know
Before God tells us to our
And some just stay there and dust away
And her dog named pig had a red
Take me home, yeah
We're floatin' 'round and 'round
Look out ! Ow ! Hang on my darling, yeah
You've got to remember our love
Yeah, but you know good well baby,
She got another lover
Forever, forever Oh say, can you see it's really such a mess
And you will be the leader of a big old band.
And as they pulled away I could see her words
So let me live my life the way I want to. Yeah . . .
And the grace of the king
Lookin for my Dallas honey bee
And sometimes it's not so easy
And I sat alone on her front step
It's like a little more than enough
I don't
But I'm gonna wave my freak flag high . . . HIGH! Wave on Wave on Hah, hah
There he goes, hey
Sit back and groove on a rainy day
HEY HEY
One more kiss and you drive me crazy baby Baby stop
I ain't ready yet, baby, I ain't ready
Foxy lady After all the jacks are in their boxes
Not too long ago
Put on down
Oh, remember the blue-birds and the honey bees,
I got to go now [Outro]
They're hoping soon my kind will drop and die,
And I seen her, fell down right dead
That no one on earth will escape.
Music, sweet music
Say something you ought to hear...
YEAH BABE
And looked into space and said "I'm coming from the land of the new rising sun"
The thief he kindly spoke
Ain't seen a bed in so long it's a sin He left home when he was seventeen
She didn't know
It's shining bright baby
And she couldn't speak a sound
Went all across the desert
have you heard about my baby
Lord, alone
You've got me floatin', float to please Now your daddy's cool and your mama's no fool
Alone Now the smiling portrait of you
All your hang ups or
That's when I've got to move before I get caught Hey that's why, listen to me baby, you can't hold me down
If you just take hold of my hand Oh, but are you experienced?
but he's dyin to be loved *note: I'm not exactly sure about these next 2 lines* He's tellin me livin
Angles of heaven
miscellaneous
That was the good side baby
Pointing their plastic finger at me.
Lord, I feel the ocean swaying me
From this lonesome place
World will tear your ass and soul apart. Where is he coming from ?
You must have seen me in
I ain't afraid no more
Get experienced
And the waves spread the message got home
But he could play the guitar just like ringing a bell. Go, go
Look up ahead, I see the loveland, soon you'll understand. Make love, make love, make love, make love. The angels will spread their wings, spread their wings
If all the hippies cut off their hair,
Atlantis cried. So if they're so alone try
Well my poor mother cried out "Lord, the gypsy was right!"
Anyway you know good and well
Dreams-
Towering in shiny metallic purple armour
I said a message of love don't you hid away
Tomorrow I shall have you by my side Sure enough this mornin' came to me
come back and buy this town
Just play with me and you won't get burned I have only one itching desire
But since my baby left me they ain't sang a tune all day
Yeah ! Ah ! Hang on my darling, hey
They talk about me like a dog
Let it be, it ain't me.
Her love so heavy gonna make you stagger
Something is forever
I have only one burning desire
It's just the ever falling dust
And he says the word
Tomorrow I'm gonna be by your side" Sure enough this morning came on to me
All kinds a people coming from miles around
The night I was born
But I wanna know for sure
But all the same you know, it's a groovy name
Drops from my fingers, fingers
I have all you pretty women
Man, my shadow comes in line before you
Freedom, 'cause I've got lotta to give, baby
Here comes the bad side Ten years they've been married
We got to go through hell...
Timid and the bold...
But, ah, if you don't come back you know I'll have to
Lord, Lord I wanna show you
My rainbow calling me
Come on back with me for a while
Every mornin' the willows weep among for me
And you're screamin' at my wife, baby
Well, now a while lotta people put me down a lotta changes
Said the joker to the thief
And shine their emptiness down on my bed
Please let me talk to you
So let them go to saturn...that's
For a man to live and breathe undrerwater
Well she looked at me and smiled
You tell me baby, is this
or is it just confusion?
Yeah, everything is all right, outta sight
Livin' in a cottage made of earth and wood,
What happened to the sweet love you and me had?
Got me floatin'
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU CAN SEE ME
Baby can't you see I'm bout to go through the floor Never knew how good love could be
I ain't your black slave- just
Choosing' you as the one for me?
Once happy turquoise armies lay opposite ready,
Throw them away.
One more kiss and you drive me crazy baby Stop, stop, stop, stop Your jivin' baby
I don't know my baby
Yeah. It's getting near dawn,
Too bad we have to part (have to part) Dig
And they did everything that could be done
But there's not a one that's goin' my way
Maybe it's just a... change of climate
For the birth of pleasure
And if you look to the left you'll see Mars
Atlantis full of cheer
Stone free to do what I please
Stone free I got to I got to get away
The machine, that we built,
Goin' round and round
Without names, without sounds
Love done gone and made a damn fool of me
We feel so bad, don't know
One more kiss and you drive me crazy baby Stop, stop, stop, stop Stop
You've got me floatin' 'round and 'round
So I brang you a message from the mirrors of my hand
Then she said "I'm going to spin and spread around peace of mind and a whole lot of love to you and you" Hey girl I'd like to come along
peace to you
How can they about life...
And throw them at my feet.
or was it just an accident?"
Way down in my heart
His dusty boots is his Cadillac
Yeah yeah alright
Yeah! I just want to talk to you
tomorrow I'm gonna be by your side" And sure enough this morning comes to me
Woman and child and man and wife
it will happen soon for you
Way down in Texas land
you know all the time that
To feel the light
Evil man make you kill me
Through the perilous fight
It's alright he he
Let me do changes and come back
A thirty years they've been married
On the burning edge horizon
You look so good
Dame Now some people say he had a girl back home
Oh where he can't survive no no Yeah that's what we don't wanna hear any more, alright
the zodiac rise, and
It's alright x5
The rain from a tree soaks into her mind
Practically all night long
And soon enough time will tell,
He never ever learned to read or write so well,
Ya ya
When it's, when it's over, mama
To see me through
& "Haven't I seen you somewhere in hell,
The ground was hard underneath her Ahhhahhh
Oh, my waterfall Well, I'm a voodoo chile
Tryin' to shoot his dust on the sun
The mouth of a bottle.
You better stop it babe
Walk on brother
My girl had called me a disgrace Dig
That's my duty.
You can't hold me down
Our machine it has done it's work played it's part well
Etc. (scat singing) They don't know
And we were have so much fun yeah, yeah
I just want to know about your diff'rent lives
Yeah, get it, babe
and you wouldn't believe:
Take your fast glass guns and
Well, mountain lions found me there
It's just the truth
Got to feel the light
Everybody
Uh, get experienced {clap}
Make it a double, or eh...
How to, go about gettin' it
She gives to me free It's alright, she says
Love love love
Where you going to run to now?
A rolling stone gathers no moss Now you'd probably call him a tramp
You know the drugstore man
See the sky ? Look up
I'm the one that's gonna die when it's time for me to die
And she told me a story yesterday
And Lord knows you felt no pain
So just as long as I have you
not before this timeless day.
Hey, hey, hey !
Can you hear me calling you back again now?
A whole lot of peoples coming right on down Communication, yeah
Oh and I kiss you when I please.
it's too bad
You know I'll kiss you for my dinner, yeah!
Here I come
Just let it groove its own way
Help me
The hour's getting late, hey All along the watchtower
Where else, where else are you tryin to take me one lonely day
A queen and me i, one day, visualise
Playing about the valleys of autumn
So let me live my life the way I want to
Let me stand next to your fire (Repeat 4 times) Oh! Move over, Rover
Right on
You're messin' with my life
Tied to the driver's fence
Oh yeah All standing together for the earrth blues coming at you baby
To make a man throw himself away And I continue
Well, I have I know, I know you probably scream and cry
Everything, everything, everything, oh everything. Jimi :
And my Angel, she said on to me
And everybody knows boss
What I'm really singing about
I role and I tumble
She drew her wheelchair to the edge of the shore
With the wink of an eye
And he say, "you don't look the way you usually do"
To carry the cross
Hey motorcycle mama
Feeling sweet feeling,
Sing on brother,
Go, Johnny go , go
What I say
I swear the moon turned a fire red
I'm so concerned
You've got me floatin', nat'rally
SINGING THIS SONG TO YOU
At least here, huh huh
Confusion Hey Izabella
Messed around and did a bit a wrong
Everybody knows the same old story
Love or confusion? Mama, we must get together and find out
Oh my that little country boy could play Go, go
They don't need a whole lot of lies
It's all the same
You know, I caught my old lady messing around town
Watch out there baby
We'll get into somethin' real nice you know
Oh baby trying to put me on a chain
Two trains runnin'
We got to straighten out the family tree.
Go come alive
Foxy lady Here I come I'm gonna take you home
Ooh, foxy lady yeah,foxy,foxy,now a I see you, heh, on down on the scene
Darlin' can't ya hear me callin' you?
No bullets
I'm gonna take you home
Gonna give a little bit of that Dolly heavy mama
So I can leave
So let us stop talkin' falsely now
'Cause if my baby don't love me no more
Gold and rose, gold are rose, gold and rose. It's only a dream
Daydreaming's for all the
decide to take our last walk through the noise to the sea
Well, I pick up all the pieces and make an island
(Pass me that bottle over there...)
Two riders were approaching
Well, you know it's too bad, little girl,
Hey ! 'round and 'round
Starve to death
Then I said, "hey baby, where are you trying to go to?"
Sharing lipstick around the broken edge
and away we go! Yeah
Maybe someday your name will be in lights
He's been shot down to the ground
People like me and you
Living in cages tall and cold
Grace of the king
Yeah, you know what I'm talking 'bout
Ridin down the highway of desire
Let me talk to you. I have lived here before
Hey ! Touch the ceiling babe
Yeah
All by my self
See where I used to be wounded
People passing by they'd stop and say
The birds sang the love song
Whaa
The whole Bible knows
And the wind began to howl [Intro]
tears burning me in my eyes
About the sweet love between the moon and the deep blue sea
Lord, she had me wrapped around her wrist, and around her finger
At the moment that we die
It would be beyond the will of god
But it's all in your mind
Through the misty breeze
`Come around to my room, with the tooth in the middle,
Oh got to change
They both know I'm head over heels for you
I think they're calling our names
Do they ever touch dolly brown
take me away from this loansome town
So many light years from home.
That's running wild
Don't be no more slaves.
She's so fine
CAN YOU HEAR ME BABY?
So big, so round Would I be truthful, yeah, in,
You make me wanna get up and uh scream
Leave just for day
In the sunshine of your love. I've been waiting so long
Ooh ! yeah !
You'll never have to worry about this place just wipe your weepin' eyes
Wild thing, I think I love you
That's when I come around for
Lord, there's got to be some changes
You better adjust your place
Things ain't what they used to be
AH YOU BETTER OPEN UP YOUR EARS
I hope you enjoy your ride; I am! Hurray, I awake from yesterday
Her hair glistens like robins on a deck
Let me live
IF YOU CAN HEAR ME DOING THAT